
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001200                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1200446673                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449095526313                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 431050                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   555476                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  38753                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67611364                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30976.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13352550942                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206855141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        31360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        23296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        30848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        29696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        56576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        56320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        55424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        16512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        88320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        54784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        23680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               648832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           51072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       226176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            226176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1767                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1767                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2772301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     25697101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1492778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     26123609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2985555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13648253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2772301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     19406110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2878928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     19832618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2665674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24737459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1492778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     25697101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2772301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     24737459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3198809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     47129124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3305436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     46915870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3198809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     46169481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2878928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13754880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2559047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     73572614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1492778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     25163967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3198809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     45636346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2878928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19725991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               540492147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2772301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1492778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2985555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2772301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2878928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2665674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1492778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2772301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3198809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3305436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3198809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2878928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2559047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1492778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      3198809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2878928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           42544164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         188409869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              188409869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         188409869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2772301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     25697101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1492778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     26123609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2985555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13648253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2772301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     19406110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2878928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     19832618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2665674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24737459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1492778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     25697101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2772301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     24737459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3198809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     47129124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3305436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     46915870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3198809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     46169481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2878928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13754880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2559047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     73572614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1492778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     25163967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      3198809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     45636346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2878928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19725991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              728902016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196103                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137686                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13637                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          626                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302344                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1256277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151323                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        37041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140560                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18633                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2660815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2382615     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41140      1.55%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21703      0.82%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40507      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13387      0.50%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37445      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6004      0.23%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10486      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107528      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2660815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076931                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.436394                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2232942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       107257                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        42807                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21927                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1411510                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1771                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        42807                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2240707                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         69903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        15448                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        20741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1408650                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        18555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1853124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6392623                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6392623                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         375040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           37933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248319                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42569                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          299                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9362                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301198                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1234                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266795                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       563868                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2660815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.489022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2089595     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188659      7.09%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180403      6.78%     92.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110121      4.14%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58382      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15268      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17580      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          434      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          373      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2660815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2380     57.78%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          964     23.40%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          775     18.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023415     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10493      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225193     17.31%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42002      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301198                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.451998                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5268562                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1666289                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266014                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53022                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1683                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        42807                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         35947                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399480                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248319                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42569                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11462                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8849                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221464                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263447                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194400                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41983                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.445530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1266621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266014                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1690116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.439776                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452638                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000004                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129677                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269867                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2618008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431503                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2195747     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166730      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106614      4.07%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33169      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55224      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11305      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7237      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6487      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35495      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2618008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129677                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195297                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173317                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35495                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3982044                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2841933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51221                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                217955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129677                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.878758                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.878758                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5951020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1655877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1487561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2878769                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         232122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190610                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24754                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95868                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89409                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23258                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2227213                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1324833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            232122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       112667                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              290367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        73301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          138885                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2636234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2345867     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          30718      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          36953      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          19677      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22229      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          12909      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8828      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          22520      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         136533      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2636234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.080632                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.460208                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2208805                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        92340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          287742                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        37258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1615013                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2212770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         21885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        60178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          286221                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1612807                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2245372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7506898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7506898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1887845                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         357527                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           29252                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       153449                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        82904                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        17062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1608850                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1511096                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1682                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217313                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506055                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2636234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1999315     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256822      9.74%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137386      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95260      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82865      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42154      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10611      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6742      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5079      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2636234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.20%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1431     42.79%     54.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1505     45.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1266612     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23617      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138475      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82208      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1511096                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.524910                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002213                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5663452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1826609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1484864                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1514440                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28453                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1909                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         16840                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1430                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1609266                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153449                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82904                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13789                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        27998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1487476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130181                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             212354                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         207442                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            82173                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.516706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1484952                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1484864                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          884649                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2315581                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.515798                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382042                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1108541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1359851                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249459                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        24732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2591261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035356     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257931      9.95%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108334      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64627      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44711      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28994      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15433      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12041      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23834      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2591261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1108541                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1359851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               205991                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              124996                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           194472                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1226066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        27653                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        23834                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4176737                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3263598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 36255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                242535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1108541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1359851                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1108541                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.596899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.596899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.385075                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.385075                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6709473                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2064738                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1506630                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         259990                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216542                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102338                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          92912                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27678                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1196                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2258336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1428278                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            259990                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       120590                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              296739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         71446                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        73235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          141767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24093                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.657183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035966                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2377442     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          17908      0.67%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          22547      0.84%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          36260      1.36%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          14909      0.56%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          19631      0.73%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          22699      0.85%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10621      0.40%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         152164      5.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2674181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.496142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2244885                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        88291                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          295172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          171                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        45656                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        39310                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1745236                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1278                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        45656                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2247744                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          7421                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        74126                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          292440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         6789                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1733231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2421397                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8057341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8057341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1992633                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         428764                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           24954                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       164172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        83899                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          987                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        18972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1689878                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1609468                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2002                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       226037                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1993263     74.54%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309731     11.58%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126825      4.74%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72005      2.69%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95959      3.59%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30264      1.13%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29262      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15632      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1240      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11184     78.69%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1580     11.12%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1448     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1356101     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21738      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147988      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83443      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1609468                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.559082                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5909331                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1916352                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1565784                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1623680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        45656                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5597                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          723                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1690296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       164172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83899                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          634                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14328                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14599                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        28927                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1580440                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145173                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             228581                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         222843                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            83408                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.548998                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1565825                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1565784                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          938524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2523185                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.543907                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371960                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1159006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1427950                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262367                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        25346                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2628525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2023636     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       306927     11.68%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111249      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55198      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50703      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21340      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21178      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10001      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28293      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2628525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1159006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1427950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               211642                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              129437                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           206929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1285643                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        29464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4290536                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3426296                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 36234                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                204589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1159006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1427950                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1159006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.483827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.483827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.402605                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.402605                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7108836                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2190308                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1611950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         236412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193396                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24735                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96467                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90679                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24001                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1148                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2268565                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1324420                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            236412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       114680                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              275070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         68791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        54236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          140358                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2641638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2366568     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          12766      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          19910      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          26841      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          28218      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          23895      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          12779      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          20246      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         130415      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2641638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082123                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2245344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        77958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          274411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          386                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        43533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        38771                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1623652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        43533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2251908                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15926                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        47611                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          268251                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        14404                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1622053                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         6359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2264483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7542180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7542180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1929488                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         334984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           45191                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       152786                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        81378                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          906                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        27893                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1618734                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1526106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199210                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       483698                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2641638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1989899     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273291     10.35%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136623      5.17%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98921      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77942      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32312      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20545      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10632      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1473      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2641638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           328     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          979     36.15%     48.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1401     51.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1283764     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22727      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          189      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138459      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80967      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1526106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530124                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2708                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5696886                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1818354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1501213                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1528814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27416                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1607                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        43533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         12646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1451                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619135                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152786                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81378                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13529                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        27906                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1503510                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130065                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22595                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             211012                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         212933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            80947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522275                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1501298                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1501213                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          862702                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2324190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1124587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1383764                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        24823                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2598105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2024408     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287361     11.06%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105584      4.06%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50407      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46525      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24802      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19237      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9766      0.38%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30015      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2598105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1124587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1383764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               205141                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              125370                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           199488                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1246780                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        28488                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        30015                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4187211                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3281816                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 36214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                237132                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1124587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1383764                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1124587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.559846                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.559846                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390648                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390648                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6765987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2093091                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1504269                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         236571                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24679                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96185                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90723                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1143                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2268836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1324845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            236571                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       114729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              275125                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         68531                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        54486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          140315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2642014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2366889     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          12808      0.48%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          19851      0.75%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          26825      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          28216      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          23910      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          12886      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20234      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         130395      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2642014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082178                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.460212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2245471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        78353                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          274462                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        43333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        38868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1623990                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1277                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        43333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2252093                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         16092                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        47721                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          268245                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        14525                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1622370                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         6412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2264576                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7543484                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7543484                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1931637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         332933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          394                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           45655                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       152684                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        81488                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          925                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        27906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619112                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          397                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197856                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478883                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2642014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1989801     75.31%     75.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273377     10.35%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136854      5.18%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98871      3.74%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78084      2.96%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32314      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20669      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10570      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1474      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2642014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.03%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          977     36.05%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1407     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284936     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22708      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138453      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81113      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527400                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530574                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2710                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5699845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1817381                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3163                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27144                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        43333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         12737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1486                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619514                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152684                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81488                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1287                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14376                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        27844                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504804                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130095                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             211190                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         213168                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            81095                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1502581                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1502503                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          863406                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2326683                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521925                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371089                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125892                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1385410                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234111                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        24765                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2598681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2024418     77.90%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287638     11.07%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105662      4.07%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50451      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46586      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24834      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19221      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9713      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30158      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2598681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1125892                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1385410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               205435                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              125536                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           199741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1248272                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        28531                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        30158                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4188031                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3282389                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 36127                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                236756                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1125892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1385410                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1125892                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.556879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.556879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.391102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.391102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6771624                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2094461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1504843                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         221390                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19151                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141368                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137816                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          611                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2303842                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1256180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            221390                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       151379                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              278183                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         62566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        36680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          140575                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2661999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2383816     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          41033      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21618      0.81%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          40481      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13613      0.51%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          37466      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6054      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10532      0.40%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         107386      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2661999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.076904                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.436360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2235773                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       105562                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          277489                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          295                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        42874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        21895                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          420                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1411650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1755                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        42874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2243419                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         68455                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        15641                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          271276                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        20328                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1408779                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1064                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        18254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1853310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6393506                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6393506                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1477390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         375920                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           37220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       248284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        42572                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          271                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1300838                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1219                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       267598                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       566769                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2661999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2090719     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188685      7.09%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180558      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110250      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58223      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15166      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17598      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          377      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2661999                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2346     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          977     23.82%     81.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          778     18.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023183     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10488      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225114     17.31%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41958      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1300838                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.451873                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4101                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5268995                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1304939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1033                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53035                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        42874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         35185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399772                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42572                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          520                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11509                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8745                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        20254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221386                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             263326                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         194362                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            41940                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.445478                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1266486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1265938                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          764705                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1689416                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.439750                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.452645                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129201                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270647                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18837                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2619125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2197016     83.88%     83.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166590      6.36%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106759      4.08%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33137      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55160      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11224      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7257      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6476      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35506      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2619125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       999620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1129201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               236117                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              195249                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           173236                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          987700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        35506                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3983454                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2842603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 51175                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                216771                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            999620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1129201                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       999620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.879864                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.879864                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.347239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.347239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5950388                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1655820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1487424                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         232112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190604                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95865                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89407                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1080                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2227179                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1324861                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            232112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       112663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              290368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         70491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        71287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          138882                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2634191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2343823     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          30718      1.17%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          36953      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          19678      0.75%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22228      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          12908      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8828      0.34%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          22517      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         136538      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2634191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080629                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460218                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2208814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        90286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          287744                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2361                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37255                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1615014                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2212778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         22039                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        57995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          286219                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10175                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1612777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2245313                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7506772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7506772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1887784                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         357529                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           29237                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       153453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        82905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1878                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17046                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1608828                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1511072                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217345                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506085                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2634191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997292     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256811      9.75%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137373      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95258      3.62%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82865      3.15%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42169      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10603      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6742      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5078      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2634191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     42.63%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1507     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1266588     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23621      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138473      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82206      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1511072                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.524902                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3338                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002209                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5661358                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1826619                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1484839                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1514410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3587                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28460                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1913                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         17026                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1429                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1609244                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1025                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1487455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130180                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23617                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             212351                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         207435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            82171                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.516698                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1484926                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1484839                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          884643                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2315592                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.515789                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1108504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1359804                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24731                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2589214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2033323     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257921      9.96%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108341      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64623      2.50%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44701      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29000      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15435      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12042      0.47%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23828      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2589214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1108504                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1359804                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               205985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              124993                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           194465                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1226021                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27652                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        23828                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4174674                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3263558                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 36250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                244579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1108504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1359804                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1108504                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.596987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.596987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.385062                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.385062                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6709390                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2064705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1506650                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         221505                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196170                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19174                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141314                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13569                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          635                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2301455                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1256596                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            221505                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       151223                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              278083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         62702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        37891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          140550                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18625                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2660835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2382752     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          41090      1.54%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          21620      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          40486      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13444      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          37384      1.40%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6067      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10510      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         107482      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2660835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.076944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.436504                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2231903                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       108266                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          277338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        42985                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        21894                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          422                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1411275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1763                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        42985                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2239713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         71036                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        15380                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          271000                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        20715                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1408185                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        18472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1852679                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6389352                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6389352                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1474624                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         378055                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           38187                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       248195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        42496                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         9363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398658                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1299840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1300                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268517                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       567127                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2660835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2090253     78.56%     78.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188350      7.08%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180344      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110028      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58164      2.19%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15264      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17642      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          430      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          360      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2660835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2367     57.59%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          971     23.63%     81.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          772     18.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1022237     78.64%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10442      0.80%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           94      0.01%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225178     17.32%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41889      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1299840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.451526                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4110                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5265925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1264776                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1303950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53102                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1752                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        42985                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         37004                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2528                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398870                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           83                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42496                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        20285                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1281461                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             263432                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         194273                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            41868                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.445142                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1265410                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1264776                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          763986                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1686623                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.439346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.452968                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       997992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1127261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271689                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        18860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2617850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2196548     83.91%     83.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166262      6.35%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106498      4.07%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33018      1.26%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55125      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11257      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7257      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6458      0.25%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35427      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2617850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       997992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1127261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               235837                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              195093                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           172982                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          985948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        14489                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        35427                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3981360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2840916                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 51249                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                217935                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            997992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1127261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       997992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.884562                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.884562                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.346673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.346673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5945886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1654226                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1487803                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         223273                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13604                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87863                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77966                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12226                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2351743                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1399589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            223273                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        90192                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              276296                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         43201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        60240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          136782                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13470                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2717555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2441259     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9658      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20306      0.75%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           8370      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          45162      1.66%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          40680      1.50%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7853      0.29%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          16364      0.60%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         127903      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2717555                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077558                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.486176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2337888                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        74560                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          275109                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          936                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        29053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19889                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          223                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1640843                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1348                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        29053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2340851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         50806                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        15814                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          273221                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1638566                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3032                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1931109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7711898                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7711898                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1674954                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         256136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          210                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          117                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           21777                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       383681                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       192694                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         9621                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1633117                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          213                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1558400                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1149                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148467                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       361915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2717555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2162735     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166948      6.14%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136211      5.01%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59166      2.18%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74467      2.74%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        71824      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40879      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3330      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1995      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2717555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3914     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30455     86.32%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          911      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       981120     62.96%     62.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13574      0.87%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       371708     23.85%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       191906     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1558400                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541342                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35280                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022639                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5870784                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1781860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1542961                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1593680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2838                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19087                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2035                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        29053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         46393                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1633336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           60                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       383681                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       192694                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          118                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7118                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8419                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        15537                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1546088                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       370237                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             562092                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         202556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           191855                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.537065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1543108                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1542961                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          834272                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1647664                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.535979                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506336                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1243264                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1461147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172360                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        13658                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2688502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2157592     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194569      7.24%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91008      3.39%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89512      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24359      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       103891      3.86%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7888      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5657      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14026      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2688502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1243264                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1461147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               555246                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              364587                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           193064                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1299273                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        14026                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4307970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3296089                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 53276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                161215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1243264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1461147                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1243264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.315494                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.315494                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.431873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.431873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7634736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1796415                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1944591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         223439                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201178                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13601                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12215                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          618                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2352733                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1401853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            223439                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        90019                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              276367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         43233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        60532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          136845                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2718938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937109                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2442571     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9593      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20251      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           8288      0.30%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          45075      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          40675      1.50%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7674      0.28%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          16511      0.61%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         128300      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2718938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.486962                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2338663                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        75081                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          275156                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          949                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        29080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        19772                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1643154                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1373                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        29080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2341744                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         51039                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        15776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          273180                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8110                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1641007                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           34                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1934423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7723441                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7723441                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1676633                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         257778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          214                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           22692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       384220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       193003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         9611                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1635411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          217                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1560591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       362157                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2718938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2163713     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       166781      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136415      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59062      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74662      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72018      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40968      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3304      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2015      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2718938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3906     11.05%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30531     86.37%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          911      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982380     62.95%     62.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13575      0.87%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372304     23.86%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192240     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1560591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.542103                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022650                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5876598                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1784594                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1544977                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1595939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2874                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18896                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1979                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        29080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         46774                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2063                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1635634                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           53                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          122                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1376                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7121                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8514                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        15635                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1548129                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       370923                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12462                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             563115                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         202712                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           192192                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.537774                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1545117                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1544977                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          835774                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1649948                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.536680                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506546                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1244870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1462972                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172817                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        13658                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2689858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2158469     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194514      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91081      3.39%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89840      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24188      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104223      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7893      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5649      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14001      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2689858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1244870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1462972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               556341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              365317                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           193283                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1300879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        14001                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4311633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3300681                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 53232                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                159832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1244870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1462972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1244870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.312507                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.312507                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.432431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.432431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7645383                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1798912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1947845                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         223628                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201376                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88502                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77995                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          623                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2355442                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1401910                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            223628                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        90122                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              276569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         43392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        57648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          137092                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2718997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2442428     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           9646      0.35%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20383      0.75%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           8318      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          45228      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          40643      1.49%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7833      0.29%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          16403      0.60%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         128115      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2718997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.486982                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2341507                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        72075                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          275357                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          935                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        29114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        19761                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1642621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        29114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2344519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         48976                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        14894                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          273436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8049                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1640335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         3135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          134                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1933965                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7719879                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7719879                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1675989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         257964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           22040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       383551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       192814                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1791                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         9569                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1634657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          220                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1560094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          922                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       147869                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       359486                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2718997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2163555     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167329      6.15%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136105      5.01%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59096      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74752      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72010      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40865      1.50%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3261      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2024      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2718997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3889     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30445     86.39%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          906      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982605     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13571      0.87%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       371807     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192019     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1560094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.541931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35240                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022588                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5875347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1782806                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1544538                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1595334                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1930                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        29114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         44661                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2027                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1634882                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           70                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       383551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       192814                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8520                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        15778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1547496                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       370415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             562388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         202717                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           191973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.537555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1544687                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1544538                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          835535                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1649934                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.536527                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506405                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1244254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1462272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172764                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        13785                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2689883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2158499     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194669      7.24%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91067      3.39%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89796      3.34%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24202      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104153      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7907      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5654      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13936      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2689883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1244254                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1462272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               555921                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              365037                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           193199                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1300263                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        13936                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4310970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3299214                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 53437                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                159773                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1244254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1462272                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1244254                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.313651                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.313651                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.432217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.432217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7642278                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1798625                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1947373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         259836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216468                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          92905                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27591                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2257304                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1427273                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            259836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       120496                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              296460                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         71521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        74389                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          141774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24187                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2674037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.656520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2377577     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          17883      0.67%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          22630      0.85%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          36178      1.35%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          14946      0.56%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          19480      0.73%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          22705      0.85%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          10637      0.40%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         152001      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2674037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090259                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.495793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2243838                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        89434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          294906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          186                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        45667                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        39247                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1743558                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1285                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        45667                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2246680                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          7557                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        75072                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          292207                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6849                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1731803                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          977                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2419711                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      8050275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      8050275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1991365                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         428346                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          414                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25143                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       163768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        83822                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          969                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        18957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1688569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1608576                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1932                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       225400                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       475276                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2674037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.601553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.323511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1993408     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       309657     11.58%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126708      4.74%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72087      2.70%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95770      3.58%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30311      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29303      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15555      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1238      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2674037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11133     78.69%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1569     11.09%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1446     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1355511     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21753      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147748      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83367      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1608576                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.558772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14148                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008795                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5907269                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1914406                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1564914                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1622724                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1290                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34429                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1694                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        45667                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          5720                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          718                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1688987                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83822                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          624                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14428                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        29008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1579522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145050                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        29054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             228389                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         222733                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            83339                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.548679                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1564952                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1564914                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          937976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2521743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.543605                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371955                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1158239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1426959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       262047                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        25406                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2628370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2023904     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       306641     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111325      4.24%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55159      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50548      1.92%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21329      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21173      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10012      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28279      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2628370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1158239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1426959                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               211467                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              129339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           206770                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1284728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        29427                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        28279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4289084                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3423685                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 36280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                204733                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1158239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1426959                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1158239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.485471                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.485471                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.402338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.402338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7104695                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2189382                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1610807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         223256                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23527                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85286                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22123                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1018                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2164669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1319807                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            223256                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       107409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              270809                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         74052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        78243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          135082                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2563378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2292569     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          14447      0.56%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          22631      0.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          34073      1.33%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          14381      0.56%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          16839      0.66%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          17401      0.68%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          12282      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         138755      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2563378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077553                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.458462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2136349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       107333                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          268790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1631                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        49272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        36152                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1599617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        49272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2141998                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         51641                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        38219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          264933                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        17312                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1596196                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         3204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         8734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1381                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2183098                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7440424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7440424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1796481                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         386617                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           49677                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       161978                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        89040                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        18613                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1590781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1482471                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2337                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       248008                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       575472                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2563378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1931110     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256619     10.01%     85.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142005      5.54%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93063      3.63%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        84982      3.32%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26008      1.01%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18733      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6577      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4281      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2563378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           384     10.29%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1625     43.53%     53.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1724     46.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220665     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27224      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147114      9.92%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87304      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1482471                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.514967                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002518                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5534390                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1839217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1454996                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1486204                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6760                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5610                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1149                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        49272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         37651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2107                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1591140                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161978                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89040                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1217                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           50                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12701                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        27233                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1460788                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             226454                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         198321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            87147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.507435                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1455171                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1454996                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          860786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2184489                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.505423                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394045                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1077159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1313387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       278901                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          333                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23954                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2514106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522407                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1981586     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253487     10.08%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105460      4.19%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54014      2.15%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40194      1.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22980      0.91%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14070      0.56%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11678      0.46%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30637      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2514106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1077159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1313387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               210940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              127510                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           182646                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1187117                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25594                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        30637                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4075744                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3233862                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 38865                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                315392                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1077159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1313387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1077159                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.672558                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.672558                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.374173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.374173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6630068                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1987806                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1515641                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          332                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         232168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24757                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95895                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89435                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1081                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2227791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1325058                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            232168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       112703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              290417                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         70496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        72860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          138917                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24460                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2636426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2346009     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          30719      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          36958      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          19687      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          22230      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          12916      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8829      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          22532      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         136546      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2636426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.080648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460286                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2209400                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        91884                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          287791                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2363                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44979                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        37274                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1615275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2118                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44979                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2213361                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         22158                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        59470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          286271                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        10179                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1613054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2245673                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7507996                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7507996                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1888115                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         357522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           29248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       153478                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        82920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17047                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1609118                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1511342                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217317                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2636426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1999389     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256884      9.74%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137407      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95270      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82876      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42171      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10608      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6741      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5080      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2636426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1424     42.65%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1507     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1266822     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23614      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138499      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82223      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1511342                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.524996                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3339                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002209                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5664132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1826882                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1485104                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1514681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3596                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28459                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1909                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44979                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         17125                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1432                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1609534                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153478                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        28002                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1487719                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130206                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             212394                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         207491                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            82188                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.516790                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1485191                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1485104                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          884764                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2315829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.515881                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382051                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1108717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1360075                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        24736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2591447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035432     78.54%     78.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257995      9.96%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108353      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64634      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44713      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29007      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15435      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12049      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23829      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2591447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1108717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1360075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               206029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              125019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           194517                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1226274                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        27667                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        23829                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4177173                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3264117                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 36264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                242344                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1108717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1360075                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1108717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.596488                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.596488                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385136                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385136                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6710524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2065016                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1506891                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         223819                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201495                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13605                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88322                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78121                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          619                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2357673                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1404140                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            223819                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        90280                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              276948                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         43142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        60017                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          137091                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13454                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2723852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2446904     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           9676      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20340      0.75%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           8201      0.30%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          45255      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          40894      1.50%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7628      0.28%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          16454      0.60%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         128500      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2723852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.487757                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2343909                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        74253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          275725                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        28990                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19836                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1645928                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        28990                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2346903                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         50651                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        15515                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          273821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         7963                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1643723                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         3127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           35                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1935969                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7736523                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7736523                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1679991                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         255966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          216                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          123                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           22251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       385806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       193723                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1830                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9566                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1638158                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          219                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1563915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148413                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       360075                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2723852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2167561     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167108      6.13%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136594      5.01%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59147      2.17%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74707      2.74%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72417      2.66%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40956      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3367      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1995      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2723852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3915     11.03%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30673     86.41%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          907      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983307     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13590      0.87%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       373964     23.91%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192962     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1563915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.543258                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35495                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5888298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1786855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1548152                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1599410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2873                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19022                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        28990                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         46241                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1638382                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       385806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193723                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1398                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7135                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8534                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        15669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1551352                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       372459                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             565381                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         203167                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           192922                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.538894                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1548287                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1548152                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          837326                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1651749                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.537782                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506933                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1248082                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1466622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       171901                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        13659                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2694862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162370     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194786      7.23%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91219      3.38%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89994      3.34%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24302      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104605      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7927      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5651      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14008      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2694862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1248082                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1466622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               558531                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              366777                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           193721                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1304091                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        14008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4319364                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3306060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 53325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                154918                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1248082                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1466622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1248082                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.306555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.306555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.433547                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.433547                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7663124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1801146                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1952344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2878770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         236307                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193246                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24722                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90637                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24008                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1154                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2269072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1323878                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            236307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       114645                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              274942                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         68624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        53406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          140363                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2641033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2366091     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12825      0.49%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19843      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          26849      1.02%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          28178      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          23846      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          12782      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          20313      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         130306      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2641033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2245769                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        77214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          274260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          405                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        43379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        38791                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1622781                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        43379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2252340                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         16126                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        46633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          268112                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        14438                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1621174                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6357                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2263306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7538077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7538077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1929974                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         333325                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           45386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       152573                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        81402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          900                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        27881                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1617847                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          391                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1525902                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          326                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197708                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       480106                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2641033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1989163     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273302     10.35%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136863      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98949      3.75%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77887      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32216      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20637      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10551      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1465      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2641033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           332     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          979     36.06%     48.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1404     51.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1283668     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22716      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138322      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1525902                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530053                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2715                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001779                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5695878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1815963                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1501016                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1528617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3045                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1585                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        43379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         12753                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1482                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1618243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152573                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1280                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        27893                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1503321                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129995                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             210983                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         212937                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            80988                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522209                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1501096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1501016                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          862699                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2323957                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521409                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371220                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1124897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384179                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234058                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        24809                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2597654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2023718     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287500     11.07%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105692      4.07%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50358      1.94%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46515      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24872      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19221      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9749      0.38%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30029      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2597654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1124897                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1384179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               205229                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              125416                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           199559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1247170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        28507                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        30029                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4185849                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3279873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 36215                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                237737                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1124897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1384179                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1124897                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.559141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.559141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390756                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390756                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6764947                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2092715                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1503692                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           5066                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32753.631515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           922977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          24.404469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           901.718717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.560413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   123.079485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.816835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   131.017893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.147578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    66.624378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.777656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    95.032991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    15.953470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    96.137597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.292976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   120.667820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.817595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   130.991503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.438415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   121.552999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.675342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   218.118090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.999568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   220.591367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.079667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   217.701675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.650929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    66.921975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.032616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   300.006326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.818110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   128.198365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.073174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   214.137724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    15.954697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    95.584765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1952.503063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1701.218004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1103.405889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1375.739677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1372.178995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1990.262930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1731.574336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1961.665799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2111.159685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2123.834088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2140.802990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1100.939223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          3253.074433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1772.148632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2140.525490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1364.425574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.027518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.003756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.003998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.006656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.006732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.006644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.009155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.006535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.059586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.051917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.033673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.041984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.041876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.060738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.052843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.059865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.064427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.064814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.065332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.033598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.099276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.054082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.065324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.041639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2536                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2536                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          319                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          604                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          308                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3850607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35894673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2259106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36731933                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4258689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19345614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4063961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27495663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4139393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28082414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3651288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34938541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2144325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     36573870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3991828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35395396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5353992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67683182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5423470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67232253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5495038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     65727599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4158656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19645349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3496410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91801970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1942369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     35926276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5212838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     65297401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4418897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27887643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       759520644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       131820                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       144935                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     12226019                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       145866                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      12648640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3850607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35894673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2259106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36863753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4258689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19345614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4063961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27495663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4139393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28082414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3651288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34938541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2144325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     36718805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3991828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35395396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5353992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67683182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5423470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67232253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5495038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     65727599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4158656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19645349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3496410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104027989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1942369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36072142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5212838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     65297401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4418897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27887643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        772169284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3850607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     35894673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2259106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36863753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4258689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     19345614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4063961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     27495663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4139393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     28082414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3651288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     34938541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2144325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     36718805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3991828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     35395396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5353992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     67683182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5423470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67232253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5495038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     65727599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4158656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19645349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3496410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    104027989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1942369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     36072142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5212838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     65297401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4418897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     27887643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       772169284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.375975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.398693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.392157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.365931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.466737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.463158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.455789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.289888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.503306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.383987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.449580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.377551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.432238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.682927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.374224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.399674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.465263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.461700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.287946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.375254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.434883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.374224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.399674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.465263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.461700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.287946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.375254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.434883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148100.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148940.551867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161364.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150540.709016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152096.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151137.609375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156306.192308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151075.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153310.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150980.720430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146051.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150597.159483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153166.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152391.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153531.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152566.362069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178466.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153129.371041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174950.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152800.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183167.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151795.840647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154024.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152289.527132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145683.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150742.151067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 138740.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152877.770213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173761.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152564.021028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163662.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150744.016216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152361.212437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       131820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       144935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150938.506173                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       145866                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150579.047619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148100.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148940.551867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161364.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150464.297959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152096.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151137.609375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156306.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151075.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153310.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150980.720430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146051.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150597.159483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153166.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152360.186722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153531.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152566.362069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178466.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153129.371041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174950.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152800.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183167.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151795.840647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154024.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152289.527132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145683.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150765.201449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 138740.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152848.059322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173761.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152564.021028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163662.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150744.016216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152331.679621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148100.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 148940.551867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161364.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150464.297959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152096.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151137.609375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 156306.192308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151075.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153310.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150980.720430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146051.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150597.159483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153166.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152360.186722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153531.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152566.362069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 178466.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153129.371041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 174950.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152800.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183167.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151795.840647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154024.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 152289.527132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 145683.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150765.201449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 138740.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152848.059322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 173761.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152564.021028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163662.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150744.016216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152331.679621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1767                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1767                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             84                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2337139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21856456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1445493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22543072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2632185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11900488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2554148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16912027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2569608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17262920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2196222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21426163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1330969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22603432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2481652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21886853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3611938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41969159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3622930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41627997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3753729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40533875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2590419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12137760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2097057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     56342842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1128644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22256633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3471747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40380145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2849866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17127576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469441144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        73071                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        87135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7514246                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        87194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7761646                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2337139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21856456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1445493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22616143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2632185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11900488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2554148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16912027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2569608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17262920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2196222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21426163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1330969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22690567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2481652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21886853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3611938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41969159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3622930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41627997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3753729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40533875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2590419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12137760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2097057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     63857088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1128644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22343827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3471747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40380145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2849866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17127576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    477202790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2337139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     21856456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1445493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     22616143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2632185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11900488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2554148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     16912027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2569608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17262920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2196222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     21426163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1330969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22690567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2481652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21886853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3611938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     41969159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3622930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41627997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3753729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     40533875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2590419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12137760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2097057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     63857088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1128644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22343827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3471747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     40380145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2849866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     17127576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    477202790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.375975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.398693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.287640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.377282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.364780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.392157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.365931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.466737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.463158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.455789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.289888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.503306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.383987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.449580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.377551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.432238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.682927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.374224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.399674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.465263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.461700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.287946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.375254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.434883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.374224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.399674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.363067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.393148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.364207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.465263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.461700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.454355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.287946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.533230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.384992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.448168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.375254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.434883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89889.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90690.688797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103249.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92389.639344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94006.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92972.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98236.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92923.225275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95170.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92811.397849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87848.880000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92354.150862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95069.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94180.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95448.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94339.883621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 120397.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94952.848416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 116868.709677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94609.084091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 125124.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93611.720554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95941.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94091.162791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87377.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92516.981938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 80617.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94709.076596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 115724.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94346.133178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 105550.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92581.491892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94170.741023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        73071                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        87135                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92768.469136                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        87194                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92400.547619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89889.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90690.688797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103249.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92310.787755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94006.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92972.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98236.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92923.225275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95170.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92811.397849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87848.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92354.150862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95069.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94151.730290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95448.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94339.883621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 120397.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94952.848416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 116868.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94609.084091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 125124.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93611.720554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95941.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94091.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87377.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92546.504348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 80617.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94677.233051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 115724.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94346.133178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 105550.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92581.491892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94141.406589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89889.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90690.688797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 103249.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92310.787755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94006.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92972.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 98236.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92923.225275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95170.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92811.397849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 87848.880000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92354.150862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 95069.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94151.730290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 95448.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 94339.883621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 120397.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94952.848416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 116868.709677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94609.084091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 125124.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93611.720554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95941.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94091.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 87377.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92546.504348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 80617.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 94677.233051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 115724.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94346.133178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 105550.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92581.491892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94141.406589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.559496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.388087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.823168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.736329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5150709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5150709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5150709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5150709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5150709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5150709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151491.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151491.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151491.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151491.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151491.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151491.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4278334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4278334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4278334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158456.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158456.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158456.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158456.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158456.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158456.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             190145.595556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   155.606601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   100.393399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.607838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.392162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    237077508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    237077508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1357735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1357735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    238435243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    238435243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    238435243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    238435243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107664.626703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107664.626703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90515.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90515.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107548.598557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107548.598557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107548.598557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107548.598557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     65954889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65954889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       212853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       212853                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66167742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66167742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     66167742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66167742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102893.742590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102893.742590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        70951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102744.940994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102744.940994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102744.940994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102744.940994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              495.815978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              845323896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1704282.048387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.815978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.022141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         138868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       138868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        138868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2974825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2974825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2974825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2974825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2974825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2974825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       138885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       138885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       138885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174989.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174989.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174989.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174989.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 174989.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174989.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2617497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2617497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2617497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2617497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2617497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2617497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 186964.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186964.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 186964.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186964.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 186964.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186964.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              132974424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             153020.050633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   176.391863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    79.608137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.689031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.310969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        95294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        80514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         175808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        175808                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    263783119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    263783119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10780211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10780211                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    274563330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    274563330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    274563330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    274563330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        97344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        80599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       177943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128674.692195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128674.692195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126826.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126826.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128601.091335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128601.091335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 128601.091335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128601.091335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     65014298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65014298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       140120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       140120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     65154418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65154418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     65154418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65154418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106232.513072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106232.513072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       140120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       140120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106287.794454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106287.794454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106287.794454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106287.794454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              474.638855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              847782302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1751616.326446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.638855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.031473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       141727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       141727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         141727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       141727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        141727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6718154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6718154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6718154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6718154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6718154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6718154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       141767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       141767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       141767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       141767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       141767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167953.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167953.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167953.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167953.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167953.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167953.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5281604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5281604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5281604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5281604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5281604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5281604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182124.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182124.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182124.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182124.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 182124.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182124.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              123769553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             175809.024148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   150.534249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   105.465751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.588024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.411976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       111247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        81791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       193038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         193038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       193038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        193038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    117993716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    117993716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       750504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750504                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118744220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    118744220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118744220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    118744220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       112379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       194178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       194178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104234.731449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104234.731449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        93813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104161.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104161.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104161.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104161.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42721616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42721616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       208344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42929960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42929960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     42929960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42929960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 96003.631461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96003.631461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        69448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95825.803571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95825.803571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95825.803571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95825.803571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              490.948036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              844471097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1682213.340637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    15.948036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.025558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         140325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       140325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        140325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5520648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5520648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5520648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5520648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5520648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5520648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       140358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       140358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       140358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167292.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167292.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167292.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167292.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 167292.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167292.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4706292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4706292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4706292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4706292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4706292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4706292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174307.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174307.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174307.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174307.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 174307.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174307.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              127660846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             170441.716956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   154.298672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   101.701328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.602729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.397271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        95364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        79382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       174746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         174746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       174746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        174746                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    194272964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194272964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1241240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1241240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    195514204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    195514204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    195514204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195514204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        96920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        79396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79396                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       176316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       176316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124854.089974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124854.089974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        88660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        88660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124531.340127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124531.340127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124531.340127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124531.340127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1077                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     51915611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51915611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       213065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       213065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     52128676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52128676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     52128676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52128676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105950.226531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105950.226531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 71021.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71021.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105737.679513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105737.679513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105737.679513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105737.679513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              491.296095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              844471053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1675537.803571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    16.296095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.026116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         140281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       140281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        140281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5792270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5792270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5792270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5792270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5792270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5792270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       140315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       140315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       140315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170360.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170360.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170360.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170360.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170360.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170360.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4856555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4856555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4856555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4856555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4856555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4856555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167467.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167467.413793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167467.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167467.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167467.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167467.413793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  496                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              127660847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             169761.764628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   154.350598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   101.649402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.602932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.397068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        79504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       174741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         174741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       174741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        174741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1591                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196459609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196459609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1455807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1455807                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    197915416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197915416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    197915416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197915416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        96810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        79522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       176332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       176332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.016248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124894.856325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124894.856325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80878.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80878.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124396.867379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124396.867379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124396.867379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124396.867379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1095                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52723770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52723770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       232527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       232527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52956297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52956297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52956297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52956297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106944.766734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106944.766734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        77509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77509                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106766.727823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106766.727823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106766.727823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106766.727823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              542.292016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750172740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1356551.066908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.555594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.736421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.024929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.844129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         140543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       140543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        140543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4874160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4874160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4874160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4874160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4874160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4874160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       140575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       140575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       140575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152317.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152317.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152317.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152317.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152317.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152317.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4161693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4161693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4161693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4161693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4161693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4161693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160065.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160065.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160065.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160065.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160065.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160065.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              171131099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             191207.931844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   155.144087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   100.855913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.606032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.393968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       201447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        40651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       242098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         242098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       242098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        242098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    234920786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    234920786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1456182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1456182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    236376968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    236376968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    236376968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    236376968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       203620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       244286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       244286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108108.967326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108108.967326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97078.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97078.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108033.349177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108033.349177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108033.349177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108033.349177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              82                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65486172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65486172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       217494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65703666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65703666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65703666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65703666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102965.679245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102965.679245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        72498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72498                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102822.638498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102822.638498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102822.638498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102822.638498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.816753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              845323893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1704282.042339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.816753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         138865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       138865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        138865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2799568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2799568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2799568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2799568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2799568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2799568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       138882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       138882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       138882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164680.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164680.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164680.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164680.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164680.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164680.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2461449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2461449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2461449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2461449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2461449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2461449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175817.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175817.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175817.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175817.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 175817.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175817.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              132974431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             153020.058688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   176.343394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    79.656606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.688841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.311159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        95304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       175815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         175815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       175815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        175815                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    265770064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    265770064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11444758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11444758                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    277214822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    277214822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    277214822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    277214822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        97355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       177951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       177951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129580.723549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129580.723549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 134644.211765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134644.211765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129782.220037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129782.220037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129782.220037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129782.220037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65053540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65053540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       153435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65206975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65206975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65206975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65206975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106296.633987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106296.633987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       153435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       153435                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106373.531811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106373.531811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106373.531811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106373.531811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              542.437541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750172715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1354102.373646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.699528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.738013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.025160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.844131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         140518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        140518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4955063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4955063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4955063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4955063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4955063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4955063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       140550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       140550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154845.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154845.718750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154845.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154845.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154845.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154845.718750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4327389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4327389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4327389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4327389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4327389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4327389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160273.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160273.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160273.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160273.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 160273.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160273.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              171130979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             191636.034714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   154.861432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   101.138568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.604927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.395073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       201450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        40528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40528                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       241978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         241978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       241978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        241978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2229                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    239604439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239604439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1201421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1201421                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    240805860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240805860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    240805860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240805860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       203664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       244207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       244207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108222.420506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108222.420506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80094.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80094.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108033.135935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108033.135935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108033.135935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108033.135935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     65657547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65657547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       212081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       212081                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     65869628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65869628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     65869628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65869628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103560.799685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103560.799685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70693.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70693.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103406.009419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103406.009419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103406.009419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103406.009419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              570.713724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              868084698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1512342.679443                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.629140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.084583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.047483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       136740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       136740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         136740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       136740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        136740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9822962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9822962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9822962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9822962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9822962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9822962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       136782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       136782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       136782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       136782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       136782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 233880.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 233880.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 233880.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233880.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 233880.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233880.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7762836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7762836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7762836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7762836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7762836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7762836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 250414.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250414.064516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 250414.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250414.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 250414.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250414.064516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              332275714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             275518.834163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   106.578026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   149.421974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.416320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.583680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       349206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        349206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       190452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       539658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         539658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       539658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        539658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3375                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    418564028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    418564028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       863530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       863530                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    419427558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419427558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    419427558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    419427558                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       352571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       352571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       190462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190462                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       543033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       543033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       543033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       543033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124387.526895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124387.526895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        86353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124274.832000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124274.832000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124274.832000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124274.832000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    110326650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110326650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       250866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       250866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    110577516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110577516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    110577516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110577516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116501.214361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116501.214361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        83622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83622                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116397.385263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116397.385263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116397.385263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116397.385263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              571.037838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              868084761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1509712.627826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.952830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.085008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.048001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       136803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        136803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       136803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         136803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       136803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        136803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9759891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9759891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9759891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9759891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9759891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9759891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       136845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       136845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       136845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       136845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       136845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       136845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 232378.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232378.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 232378.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 232378.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 232378.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 232378.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8127240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8127240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8127240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8127240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8127240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8127240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 253976.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253976.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 253976.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253976.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 253976.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 253976.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              332276712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             274835.990074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   106.697642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   149.302358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.416788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.583212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       349838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        349838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       190817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190817                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       540655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         540655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       540655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        540655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    418226992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    418226992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       955986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       955986                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    419182978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419182978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    419182978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    419182978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       353219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       190827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       544046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       544046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123699.199054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123699.199054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 95598.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95598.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123616.330876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123616.330876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 123616.330876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123616.330876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2438                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109338562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109338562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       273883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       273883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109612445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109612445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    109612445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109612445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115093.223158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115093.223158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91294.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91294.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115018.305352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115018.305352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115018.305352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115018.305352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              571.075150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              868085008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1512343.219512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    29.033817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   542.041333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.046529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       137050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       137050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         137050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       137050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        137050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10065147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10065147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10065147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10065147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10065147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10065147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       137092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       137092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       137092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       137092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       137092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 239646.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 239646.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 239646.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 239646.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 239646.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 239646.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7482429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7482429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7482429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7482429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7482429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7482429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 241368.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241368.677419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 241368.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241368.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 241368.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241368.677419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  953                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              332276158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             274835.531844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   106.600589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   149.399411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.416409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.583591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       349414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        349414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       190678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190678                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       540092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         540092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       540092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        540092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    409261058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    409261058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       780782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       780782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    410041840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    410041840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    410041840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    410041840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       352750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       352750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       190687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       543437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       543437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       543437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       543437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122680.173261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122680.173261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86753.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86753.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122583.509716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122583.509716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122583.509716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122583.509716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    108352876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108352876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       241828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       241828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    108594704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108594704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    108594704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108594704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 114055.658947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114055.658947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 80609.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80609.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113950.371459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113950.371459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113950.371459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113950.371459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              474.633904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              847782310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1751616.342975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    19.633904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.031465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.760631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       141735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       141735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         141735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       141735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        141735                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6442118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6442118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6442118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6442118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6442118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6442118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       141774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       141774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       141774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       141774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       141774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165182.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165182.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165182.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165182.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165182.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165182.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5103244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5103244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5103244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5103244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5103244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5103244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175973.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175973.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175973.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175973.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175973.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175973.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              123769339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             175808.720170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   150.524080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   105.475920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.587985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.412015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       111110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81714                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       192824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         192824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       192824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        192824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1157                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    120121702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120121702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       762511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       762511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    120884213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    120884213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    120884213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    120884213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       112259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        81722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       193981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       193981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       193981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       193981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104544.562228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104544.562228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95313.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95313.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104480.737252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104480.737252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104480.737252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104480.737252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     43087535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43087535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       220613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     43308148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43308148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     43308148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43308148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96825.921348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96825.921348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73537.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73537.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96669.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96669.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96669.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96669.973214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              513.976246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              849095498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1648729.122330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.976246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.038423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       135050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       135050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         135050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       135050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        135050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4691681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4691681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4691681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4691681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4691681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4691681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       135082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       135082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       135082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       135082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       135082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146615.031250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 146615.031250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146615.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 146615.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 146615.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 146615.031250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3852828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3852828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3852828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3852828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3852828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3852828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154113.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154113.120000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154113.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154113.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 154113.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154113.120000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 1294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              141324696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             91177.223226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   202.201163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    53.798837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.789848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.210152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       102434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        82357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       184791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         184791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       184791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        184791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          627                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          627                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         3597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         3597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    392175176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    392175176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110902712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    110902712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    503077888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    503077888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    503077888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    503077888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       105404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82984                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       188388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       188388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.028177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.007556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132045.513805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132045.513805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 176878.328549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176878.328549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139860.408118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139860.408118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 139860.408118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139860.408118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2303                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2303                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    140252638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140252638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13228805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13228805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    153481443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153481443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    153481443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153481443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115911.271074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115911.271074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 157485.773810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157485.773810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118610.079598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118610.079598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118610.079598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118610.079598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.817293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              845323927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1704282.110887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.817293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         138899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       138899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        138899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2586331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2586331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2586331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2586331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2586331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2586331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       138917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       138917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       138917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 143685.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143685.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 143685.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 143685.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 143685.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 143685.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2243159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2243159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2243159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2243159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2243159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2243159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160225.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160225.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160225.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160225.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160225.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160225.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              132974467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             153020.100115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   176.387732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    79.612268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.689015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.310985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        95322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        80529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       175851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         175851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       175851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        175851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    266159073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266159073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10585901                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10585901                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    276744974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    276744974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    276744974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    276744974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        97372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        80614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       177986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       177986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129833.694146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129833.694146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124540.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124540.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129622.938642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129622.938642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 129622.938642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129622.938642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     64733687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64733687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       154166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     64887853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64887853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     64887853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64887853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105773.998366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105773.998366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       154166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       154166                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105852.941272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105852.941272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105852.941272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105852.941272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              570.111937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              868085007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1512343.217770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.027439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.084498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.046518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         137049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       137049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        137049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9797844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9797844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9797844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9797844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9797844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9797844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       137091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       137091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       137091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       233282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       233282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       233282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       233282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       233282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       233282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7115115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7115115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7115115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7115115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7115115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7115115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 229519.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229519.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 229519.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229519.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 229519.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229519.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              332278983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             274383.966144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   106.658471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   149.341529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.416635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.583365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       351376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        351376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       191547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       542923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         542923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       542923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        542923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    409344459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    409344459                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       901502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       901502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    410245961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    410245961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    410245961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    410245961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       354752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       191557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       546309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       546309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       546309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       546309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121251.320794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121251.320794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90150.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90150.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121159.468695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121159.468695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 121159.468695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121159.468695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    107096358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107096358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       251528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       251528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    107347886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107347886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    107347886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107347886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112496.174370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112496.174370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83842.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83842.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112406.163351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112406.163351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 112406.163351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112406.163351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              491.125630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              844471103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1678868.992048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.125630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.025842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         140331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       140331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        140331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5610285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5610285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5610285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5610285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5610285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5610285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       140363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       140363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       140363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175321.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175321.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175321.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175321.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175321.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175321.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4914387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4914387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4914387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4914387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4914387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4914387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175513.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175513.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175513.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175513.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 175513.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175513.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              127660812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             170441.671562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   154.332809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   101.667191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.602863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.397137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        95292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        79420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       174712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         174712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       174712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        174712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    194412445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194412445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1688281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1688281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196100726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196100726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    196100726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196100726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        96859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79438                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       176297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       176297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 124066.652840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124066.652840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93793.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93793.388889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123722.855521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123722.855521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123722.855521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123722.855521                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1092                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51540724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51540724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       289634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       289634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51830358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51830358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     51830358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51830358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105185.151020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105185.151020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 96544.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96544.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105132.572008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105132.572008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105132.572008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105132.572008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
