
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 387407                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   497240                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 272335                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41091.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15919248791                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20432453321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       239360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       380160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       434816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       154496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       239488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       380160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       118656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       435712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4036096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1145344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1145344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       320266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21389162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21194715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     33971022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21194715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21400600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     38855072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       457522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13805732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21400600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     33971022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     10603077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38935138                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21309096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               360664739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       320266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       457522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6290930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         102347713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              102347713                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         102347713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       354580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       320266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21389162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21194715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     33971022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21194715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       366018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21400600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     38855072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       457522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13805732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       331704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21400600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     33971022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     10603077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38935138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21309096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              463012452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396909     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295279                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166340                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084380     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136902                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385941     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023851                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1835089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1642519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147767                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1244286                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1210551                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4479                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19469812                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10432485                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1835089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1317567                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2325392                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        486671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       757638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1179235                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144676                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     22890948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742644                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20565556     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         359423      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         175171      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         354074      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         109603      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         329141      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          50579      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          82146      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         865255      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     22890948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068381                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.388746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19290643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       941592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2320527                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       169515                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1884                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     11635145                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4483                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19311647                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        609218                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       267019                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2299562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        67272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     11616553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        51099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15188554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     52591010                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     52591010                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12269452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2919080                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          781                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          155404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2127427                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       331623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        75156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         11554158                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1532                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        10803308                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7177                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2119781                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4358488                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22890948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18153307     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1473343      6.44%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609424      7.03%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       922418      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470683      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118169      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137599      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3348      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2657      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22890948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17748     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7332     23.64%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5938     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8452004     78.24%     78.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82514      0.76%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          749      0.01%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1939616     17.95%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       328425      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     10803308                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.402564                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             31018                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44535753                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13675505                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10526250                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     10834326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8201                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439017                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8477                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       336223                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        533735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11555697                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          502                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2127427                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       331623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3969                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          207                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99534                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       156409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10667736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1912589                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2240971                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1623906                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           328382                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.397512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             10529001                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            10526250                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6376560                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        13762279                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.392240                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463336                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8391520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9419891                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2136270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1512                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       146656                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22554725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19061184     84.51%     84.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1363789      6.05%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       884086      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276205      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       466297      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88974      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56550      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51163      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306477      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22554725                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8391520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9419891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2011556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1688410                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1447634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8223817                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       115031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       306477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           33804383                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          23448796                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                439309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3945298                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8391520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9419891                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8391520                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.198020                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.198020                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.312694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.312694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       49632271                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      13686757                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12405227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26835839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1831160                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639296                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147840                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1241114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106904                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4414                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19439750                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10413416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1831160                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1314957                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2322400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        487474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       760688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1177607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144785                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22861680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20539280     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         359185      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         175672      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         353607      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         108821      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         329172      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          50077      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          81577      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         864289      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22861680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068236                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.388041                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19261173                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       944064                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2317575                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1897                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       336970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       168848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         1872                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     11616805                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4459                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       336970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19282092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        599639                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       279491                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2296624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        66857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     11598280                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8872                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        51139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15161666                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     52515003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     52515003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     12238848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2922691                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          154288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2127159                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       330725                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3002                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        75200                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         11537003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        10783474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7174                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2124861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4375229                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22861680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18134689     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1466800      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1607721      7.03%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920699      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470604      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118843      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136410      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3268      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2646      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22861680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17598     57.09%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7316     23.73%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5913     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8435690     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82266      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1937322     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327450      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     10783474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.401831                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30827                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44466629                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13663411                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10505589                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     10814301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8353                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       441441                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8671                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       336970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        524186                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11538525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          977                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2127159                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330725                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3926                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          201                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99172                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       156237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10646436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1909446                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       137038                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2236854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1620241                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           327408                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.396725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             10508346                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            10505589                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6365500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13741968                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.391476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8372688                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      9397564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2141315                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       146738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22524710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19041587     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1357794      6.03%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881948      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276043      1.23%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465375      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88547      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56455      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50908      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306053      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22524710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      8372688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      9397564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2007740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1685686                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1444355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         8203949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       306053                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           33757510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          23415074                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                439041                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               3974159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           8372688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             9397564                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      8372688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.205164                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.205164                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.311997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.311997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       49536732                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      13657413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12383092                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2315999                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212444                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       911862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847072                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249237                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9966                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20172959                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12707911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2315999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1096309                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2649029                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        590505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1925311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1253916                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25123631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22474602     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         162200      0.65%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         204789      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         326783      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         137235      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         174940      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         204800      0.82%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          94034      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1344248      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25123631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086301                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.473535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20054791                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2055302                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2636429                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       375858                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       352275                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     15530606                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       375858                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20075255                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         64888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1934229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2617175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        56220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     15434532                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         8153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     21559464                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     71776155                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     71776155                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     18030107                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3529329                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3759                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1970                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          198618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       755379                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       170328                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         15070312                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3774                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        14454547                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15185                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835309                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3746251                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25123631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18997667     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795021     11.13%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141691      4.54%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640500      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866817      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267055      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263156      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140627      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11097      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25123631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100101     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13393     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12942     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12176261     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197660      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326188      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752650      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     14454547                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.538620                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126436                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54174344                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16909488                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14077330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     14580983                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10485                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273568                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10488                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       375858                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         49632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15074091                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755379                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1971                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5707                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125914                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       244450                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14203078                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251467                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2056692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        2008536                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           752553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529250                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             14077418                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            14077330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         8433175                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        22652205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.524564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372289                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10489848                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12926018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2148118                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       214036                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24747773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19275966     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2772962     11.20%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007359      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501376      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458899      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193117      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190401      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90921      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256772      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24747773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10489848                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12926018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1916925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1172034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1873564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11637646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       266917                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       256772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           39565059                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          30524158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                308134                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1712615                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10489848                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12926018                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10489848                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.558306                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.558306                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390884                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390884                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       63907235                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      19672518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14364956                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1959226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1606181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8634                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18725549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11153476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1959226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       962353                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2450614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        556701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1908591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1156576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23443560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20992946     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         265462      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         305789      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         167879      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         193545      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         106604      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          73301      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         190396      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1147638      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23443560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073007                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18566678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2070657                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2429833                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19629                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       318173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2044                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13616524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18597189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        451680                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1533861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2419458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        84601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13607167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        20944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18900769                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63360480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63360480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16068512                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2832217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          227794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       708604                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       156284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13580398                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12811326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1745351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4059730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23443560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18047365     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2169978      9.26%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165831      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806682      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706042      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       361085      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88051      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56467      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42059      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23443560                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3092     10.91%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12624     44.54%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12624     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10718619     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200299      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1188364      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702479      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12811326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49113175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15329479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12590233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12839666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          605                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        407802                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13584018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708604                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       221359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12616666                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1816155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1762980                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           702228                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.470135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12590540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12590233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7485031                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19613490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.469150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381627                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9438126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11579433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       195161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23086798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18356383     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193626      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920318      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551085      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382604      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246376      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129227      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103174      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204005      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23086798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9438126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11579433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1755247                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1065510                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1657105                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10439485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       235600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       204005                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36466885                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27525118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                290555                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3392686                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9438126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11579433                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9438126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.843387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.843387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.351693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.351693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56910676                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17470562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12704417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1890325                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1546722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741256                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193335                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8320                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18322388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10730395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1890325                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       934591                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2246813                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        546607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       875290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1129320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     21799946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601454                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       19553133     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         122743      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         191276      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         305430      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         126431      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         141125      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         150692      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          98349      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1110767      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     21799946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070439                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.399847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       18146768                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1052736                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2239476                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         5800                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       355162                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       308990                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13100332                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       355162                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       18176348                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        215573                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       753000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2216230                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        83629                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13089989                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents         3019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        22646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        31235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18171252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     60887576                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     60887576                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     15450387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2720865                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3410                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1917                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          250463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1249662                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       670056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19978                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       153813                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13069114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3423                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12345413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16247                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1694321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3813165                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          408                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21799946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16594355     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090062      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140867      5.23%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779986      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       729069      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208246      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163560      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55615      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38186      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21799946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2927     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8955     38.83%     51.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11181     48.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10342133     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195257      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141134      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665396      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12345413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.460028                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23063                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46530082                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14767009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12142240                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     12368476                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36867                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229958                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21768                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          801                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       355162                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        148059                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11527                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13072564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1249662                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       670056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1917                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       216099                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12166098                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072609                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1737657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1710998                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           665048                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.453346                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12142449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12142240                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7101687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        18559248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.452457                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9075478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11123960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1948637                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       190799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21444784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16928175     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188164     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       851981      3.97%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458136      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342462      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191462      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119535      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105894      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258975      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21444784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9075478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11123960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1667992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1019704                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1596713                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10023514                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       225948                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       258975                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           34258341                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          26500385                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                299190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               5036300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9075478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11123960                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9075478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.957006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.957006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.338180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.338180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       54856444                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      16833428                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12216288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3012                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1957021                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760776                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18704666                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11140758                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1957021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       961405                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2447901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        555896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1950990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1155204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23461868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21013967     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         265196      1.13%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         305473      1.30%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         167708      0.71%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         193339      0.82%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         106502      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          73124      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         190188      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1146371      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23461868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.072925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.415138                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18546246                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2112598                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2427146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19609                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       356268                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       317871                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2043                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13601161                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        10796                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       356268                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18576727                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        449387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1578263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2416897                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        84317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13591883                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        20943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18880066                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     63290444                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     63290444                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16052558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2827508                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2016                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          226838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1303737                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       707937                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18302                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       156109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13565838                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3592                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12798174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18596                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1742557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4052540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23461868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18071138     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2167928      9.24%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1164611      4.96%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       805787      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705257      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360726      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        87969      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56425      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42027      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23461868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3086     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12614     44.54%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12620     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10707586     83.66%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200092      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1564      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187113      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701819      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12798174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476899                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002213                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49105132                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15312126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12577369                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12826494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31785                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239277                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18852                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          496                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       356268                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        405687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13569459                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1303737                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707937                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2017                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110026                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       221138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12603677                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112735                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1814305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1761212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           701570                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.469651                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12577676                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12577369                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7477513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19593504                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.468671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381632                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9428879                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11567965                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2001662                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       194961                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23105600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.316445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18379826     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2191553      9.48%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919352      3.98%     93.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       550513      2.38%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382253      1.65%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246133      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129100      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103068      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203802      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23105600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9428879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11567965                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1753545                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1064460                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1655427                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10429182                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       235363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       203802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36471360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27495535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                290209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3374378                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9428879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11567965                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9428879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.846176                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.846176                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.351349                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.351349                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       56852724                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17452760                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12690238                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1829961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638343                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1241443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208315                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19428860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10406079                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1829961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1315033                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2320422                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        484557                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       761628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1176331                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       143987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22847596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20527174     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         358776      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         175114      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         353890      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         108970      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         329062      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          50441      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          81307      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         862862      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22847596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.068190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.387762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19249453                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       945859                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2315569                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1909                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       168558                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         1881                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     11605002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         4474                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19270405                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        596929                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       283670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2294506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        67274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     11586458                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         9097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        51255                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     15146405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     52457066                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     52457066                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     12242291                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2904091                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          780                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          155247                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      2124533                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       330645                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3073                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        75336                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         11525488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        10778115                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7103                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2110268                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4341138                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22847596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18121072     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467350      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1608588      7.04%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920709      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469571      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117343      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136961      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3319      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2683      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22847596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17664     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7291     23.63%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5906     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8430494     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82314      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1937122     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327439      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     10778115                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.401625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30861                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44441789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13637314                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10502000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     10808976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8328                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       437970                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       334805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        521138                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8026                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11527024                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2124533                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330645                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99039                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       155487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10643245                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       134869                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2237778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1620370                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           327393                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.396600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             10504761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            10502000                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         6363234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        13725635                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.391336                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.463602                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8375600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      9400476                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2127011                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       145967                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22512791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19028276     84.52%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1358666      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882350      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276117      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465279      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88657      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56123      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50964      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306359      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22512791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      8375600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      9400476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2008616                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1686558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1444832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         8206386                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       114660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       306359                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           33733893                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          23390038                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                438136                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3988650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           8375600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             9400476                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      8375600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.204098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.204098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.312100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.312100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       49523606                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      13651722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12376267                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1820195                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641970                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97530                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       686875                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647481                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4225                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19284181                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11440281                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1820195                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       747465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2260354                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        308073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2644123                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1108438                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97743                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     24398048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       22137694     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          79884      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         164906      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          69612      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         373537      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         334615      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          64388      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         136529      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1036883      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     24398048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067826                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.426300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19077841                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2853273                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2251651                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       207890                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       159995                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     13413499                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       207890                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19105128                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2655741                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       106648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2234782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        87852                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     13404941                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           43                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        43890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        29629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          634                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15752364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     63124694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     63124694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     13921040                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1831303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1556                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          788                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          207929                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3156765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1594874                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14638                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        77428                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         13375985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1562                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        12840300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7795                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1063112                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2566942                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24398048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19784883     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1408225      5.77%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140894      4.68%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493084      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       616461      2.53%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580809      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331037      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26316      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16339      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24398048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32140     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246005     86.23%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7159      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8062338     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112274      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3074316     23.94%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1590604     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     12840300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.478469                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022219                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50371746                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14441022                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12728746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13125604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127377                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10875                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1127                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       207890                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2589941                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25653                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13377562                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          140                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3156765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1594874                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          788                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55594                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58415                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       114009                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12749623                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3064396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90676                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4654822                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1670276                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1590426                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.475090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             12729186                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            12728746                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6880921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13597164                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.474312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506056                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10329760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12139110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239974                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        99435                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24190158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19769951     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626965      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       758368      3.14%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       745207      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206745      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       851126      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64856      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47478      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119462      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24190158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10329760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12139110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4613378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3029384                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1603033                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        10794750                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       117648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       119462                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37449741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          26966112                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                415188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2438198                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10329760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12139110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10329760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.597954                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.597954                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63013879                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      14793136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      15957243                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2078120                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700482                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850694                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214314                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20008401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11623119                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2078120                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1030133                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2424428                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        559925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1055214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1225426                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23841192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21416764     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         112001      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         179338      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         242899      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         249870      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         211150      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         118351      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         176348      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1134471      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23841192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.433113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19803465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1262652                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2419773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2893                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       352404                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       341711                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14261760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       352404                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19857780                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        167687                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       969201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2368991                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       125124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14256040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        18270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        53772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19893474                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66318213                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66318213                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17217728                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2675703                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3528                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          374964                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1335394                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       722196                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       248641                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14239128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3538                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13514670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2115                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1588974                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3811716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23841192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18064495     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2423609     10.17%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1213042      5.09%     91.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       874163      3.67%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       693301      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       285497      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180687      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93507      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12891      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23841192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2401     10.57%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8240     36.26%     46.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12082     53.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11366617     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       201617      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1693      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1224939      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       719804      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13514670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.503598                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22723                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50895369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15831700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13309106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13537393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27901                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10484                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       352404                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        137377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14242688                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1335394                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       722196                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1835                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118601                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115320                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233921                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13325742                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1151758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1871502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1893024                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           719744                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.496558                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13309222                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13309106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7639581                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20592286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.495938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.370992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10037503                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12351445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1891229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3410                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       206957                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23488788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18370993     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2560137     10.90%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944621      4.02%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       452156      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       412868      1.76%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219852      0.94%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171806      0.73%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86810      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       269545      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23488788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10037503                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12351445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1830439                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1118727                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1702                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1781181                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11128491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       254383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       269545                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37461852                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28837791                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                304982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2995054                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10037503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12351445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10037503                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.673598                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.673598                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.374028                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.374028                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       59975180                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18539429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13219456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3406                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1831597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639715                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1242740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1209278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4449                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19449319                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             10415006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1831597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1316189                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2322367                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        486444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       750552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1177966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144621                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22860217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509065                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20537850     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         358772      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         175437      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         354140      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         109120      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         329331      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          50341      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          81715      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         863511      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22860217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.388095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19270398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       934240                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2317507                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1963                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       168931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         1872                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     11616075                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         4455                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19291467                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        611465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       257500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2296506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        67164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     11597556                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        51123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     15162632                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     52505765                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     52505765                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     12244890                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2917739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          154624                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125631                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       330627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        75360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         11536143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        10786145                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7165                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2119260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4355808                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22860217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18130003     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468750      6.42%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609583      7.04%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       921247      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470022      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117799      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136902      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3295      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2616      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22860217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17649     57.16%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7306     23.66%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5921     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8437326     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82286      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          747      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938266     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327520      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     10786145                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.401925                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30876                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44470548                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13656953                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10508990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     10817021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438822                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8482                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       336108                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        535861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7945                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11537673                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          831                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125631                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3820                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       156188                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10650145                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       136000                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2238175                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1621021                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           327475                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.396857                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             10511621                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            10508990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         6366693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        13736980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.391597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.463471                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8377287                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      9402350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2135787                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       146572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22524109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19038674     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359337      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882434      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275867      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465489      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88736      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56317      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51034      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306221      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22524109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      8377287                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      9402350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2008954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1686809                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1445075                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         8208057                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       114678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       306221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           33755999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          23412626                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                438941                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3976029                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           8377287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             9402350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      8377287                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.203453                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.203453                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.312163                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.312163                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       49553517                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      13661877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12385655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1889594                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1545784                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         742006                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8277                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18326899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10726310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1889594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       935165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2246567                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        546819                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       861949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1129563                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     21790946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       19544379     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         122904      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         191595      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         305588      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         126385      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         141387      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         150035      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          98112      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1110561      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     21790946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.399695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       18150902                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1039724                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2239308                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         5774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       355234                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       309196                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13095661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1632                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       355234                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       18180732                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        218394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       736178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2215803                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        84601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13085281                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents         2592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        22512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        31506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5806                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     18162529                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     60865671                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     60865671                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15442276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2720246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3379                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          251044                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1249786                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       669670                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19950                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       153763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13063966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        12341520                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16056                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1691243                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3807509                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          378                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21790946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16586028     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090207      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141418      5.24%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779466      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728336      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       207951      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163966      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55408      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38166      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21790946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2896     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9123     39.28%     51.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11208     48.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10339113     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195165      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1492      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1140616      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665134      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     12341520                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.459883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23227                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46513269                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14758755                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12138313                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     12364747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          792                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       355234                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        145538                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11470                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13067381                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1249786                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669670                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1887                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108096                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108040                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       216136                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12161929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072043                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1736835                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1710707                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           664792                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.453190                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12138507                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12138313                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7099297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        18550902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.452310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382693                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9070762                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11118126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1949268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       190931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21435712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16920254     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188058     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852276      3.98%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457305      2.13%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342683      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191120      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119652      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105555      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258809      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21435712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9070762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11118126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1667114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1019178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1595864                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10018288                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       225836                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       258809                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           34244232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          26490057                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                299504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               5045300                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9070762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11118126                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9070762                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.958544                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.958544                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.338004                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.338004                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       54837631                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16826460                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12211723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2318670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1930481                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       911617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20193188                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12721934                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2318670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1096867                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2651214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        592003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1901748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1255442                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25126381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22475167     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         162386      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         204450      0.81%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         326978      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         136728      0.54%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         175462      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         205213      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          94268      0.38%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1345729      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25126381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.474058                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20077944                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2031453                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2638676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1287                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       377014                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       352664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15547931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       377014                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20098475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         65108                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1909870                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2619425                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        56483                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15452755                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21584130                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71858877                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71858877                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     18042546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3541584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3768                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1978                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          198992                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       755955                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       171916                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15087826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3782                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14468993                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15376                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843563                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3760006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          173                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25126381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18994463     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797671     11.13%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142733      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641371      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867392      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267438      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263290      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140939      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11084      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25126381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100304     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13400     10.58%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12938     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12188866     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197855      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327154      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753329      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14468993                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.539159                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126642                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008753                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54206385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16935265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14090939                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14595635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           96                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       377014                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6448                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15091614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755955                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1979                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5616                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           96                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126024                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       244876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14216736                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252257                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2058310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2010006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           753241                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.529759                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14091020                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14090939                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8440676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22674321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.525071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372257                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10497080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12935001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2156678                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       214363                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24749367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522640                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19272926     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775642     11.22%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008538      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501635      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459053      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193061      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190658      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90919      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256935      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24749367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10497080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12935001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1918257                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1172855                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1874894                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11645732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       267116                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       256935                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           39584033                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30560383                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                308435                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1709865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10497080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12935001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10497080                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.556544                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.556544                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391153                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391153                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63969258                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19690214                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14380342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1819798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97791                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       677955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99944                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4279                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19283559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11437901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1819798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       747787                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2260530                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        309011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2623781                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1108516                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        98003                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24379481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22118951     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          80196      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         165108      0.68%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          69641      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         373772      1.53%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         334354      1.37%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          64295      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         136192      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1036972      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24379481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067811                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.426211                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19079548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2832176                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2251710                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7483                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       208559                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       159862                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13411686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1502                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       208559                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19106564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2622477                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       117693                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2234995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        89186                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13402914                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           52                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        45366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        29549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          816                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15750865                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63115304                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63115304                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     13916579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1834224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          793                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          208476                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3155579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1593982                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14508                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        77651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13373612                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1568                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12834733                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7932                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1067794                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2581238                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24379481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19765967     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1411131      5.79%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139982      4.68%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493055      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       614829      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       581112      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330600      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26443      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16362      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24379481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32182     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246160     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7187      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8059881     62.80%     62.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112205      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3072334     23.94%     87.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1589545     12.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12834733                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.478261                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285529                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022247                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50342408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14443339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12723330                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13120262                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23188                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128113                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10948                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       208559                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2555015                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13375191                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3155579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1593982                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          794                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        56103                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58371                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       114474                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12744255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3062602                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            4651972                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1669485                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1589370                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474890                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12723765                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12723330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6877932                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13595546                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.474110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.505896                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10325489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12134256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1242378                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        99701                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24170922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19751372     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1627998      6.74%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757886      3.14%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744822      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206163      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850864      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64995      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47498      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119324      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24170922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10325489                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12134256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4610464                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3027440                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1602451                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10790478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       117648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       119324                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37428193                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          26961933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                415396                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2456765                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10325489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12134256                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10325489                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.599029                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.599029                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384759                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384759                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       62986165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14787487                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15951957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1960813                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607748                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193323                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       797999                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         762000                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18709202                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11159088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1960813                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       962617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2451197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        555084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1875259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1154611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192482                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23393643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20942446     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         264691      1.13%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         307066      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         168108      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         193404      0.83%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         106987      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          72373      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         189504      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1149064      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23393643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073066                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.415821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       18550632                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2037185                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2430022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        19867                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       355936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       318173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2050                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     13618933                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        10877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       355936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       18581550                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        582136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1369400                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2419439                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        85173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     13609595                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        21025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        39748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     18905873                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     63367301                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     63367301                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16070866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2835007                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3580                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2012                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          231356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1304647                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       708199                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18792                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       156666                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13581955                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        12809675                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1747207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4068735                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          431                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23393643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17997576     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2168716      9.27%     86.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167939      4.99%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806584      3.45%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705917      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360246      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88411      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56067      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42187      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23393643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3212     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12351     43.91%     55.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12567     44.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10717260     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200472      1.57%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1188178      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702200      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     12809675                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.477327                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28130                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002196                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49059868                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15332890                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12590162                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     12837805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           87                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18297                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          665                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       355936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        539649                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13860                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13585576                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1304647                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708199                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2012                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110611                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       220520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12616358                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1114321                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1816287                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1763664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           701966                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.470124                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             12590435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            12590162                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7485098                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        19608022                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.469148                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381737                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9439703                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     11581331                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004386                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       194294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23037707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318598                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18305669     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2194251      9.52%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921362      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551169      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382729      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246377      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129072      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103008      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204070      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23037707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9439703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     11581331                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1755651                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1065749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1657369                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10441225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       235645                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       204070                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36419289                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          27527386                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                288873                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3442603                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9439703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            11581331                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9439703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.842912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.842912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.351752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.351752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       56909726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      17470120                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12710361                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2316688                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       213137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       914168                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847829                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20188579                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12711134                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2316688                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1097152                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2650316                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        591759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1900535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2856                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1255404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203818                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25119046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       22468730     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         162147      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         205922      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         327223      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         136981      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         175185      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         204702      0.81%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          93472      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1344684      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25119046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.473655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20073103                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2030483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2637744                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1310                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       376399                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       351995                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15533993                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       376399                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20093702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         65200                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1908719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2618443                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        56577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15438295                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           32                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         8267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        39262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21567055                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     71795168                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     71795168                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     18036229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3530826                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3773                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1983                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          199611                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445558                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       754932                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       171216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15073250                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3786                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14457995                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14744                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1837257                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3738203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          177                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25119046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18989518     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2798545     11.14%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141367      4.54%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641319      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866551      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266586      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263603      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140449      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11108      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25119046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100045     79.27%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13228     10.48%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12941     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12180706     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197794      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1789      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1325426      9.17%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752280      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14457995                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.538749                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126214                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008730                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54175994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16914391                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14080962                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14584209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10709                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273095                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           99                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            2                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       376399                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         49853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6421                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15077043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11526                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445558                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754932                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1983                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5612                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           99                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118793                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       245185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14205876                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1303809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252119                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2055999                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        2008816                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           752190                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.529354                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14081044                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14080962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8436879                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        22662937                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.524699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10493438                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12930501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2146587                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       214732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24742647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19268296     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2774527     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008103      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501194      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459036      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193161      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190721      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90961      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256648      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24742647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10493438                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12930501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1917623                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1172463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1874239                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11641678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       267017                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       256648                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           39563009                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30530586                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                309219                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1717200                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10493438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12930501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10493438                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.557431                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.557431                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.391017                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.391017                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63922662                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19679470                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14368218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016248979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078576354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016248979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078576354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016248979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078576354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.962437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873341.177328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.962437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873341.177328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.962437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873341.177328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911043186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970121141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911043186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970121141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911043186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970121141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596701.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.418546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786159.757699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596701.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.418546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786159.757699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596701.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761105.418546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786159.757699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1900                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.878637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         122338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        30.987335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.478433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.676703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   806.178877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1191.544624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.010096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.393642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.581809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3433                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3434                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1900                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475674760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1531346292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475674760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1531346292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55671532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1475674760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1531346292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              5328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               5334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              5334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789553.108614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805971.732632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789553.108614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805971.732632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1795855.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 789553.108614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805971.732632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1311529464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364478497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1311529464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364478497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52949033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1311529464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1364478497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708033.322581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701727.910112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718146.577368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708033.322581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701727.910112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718146.577368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1708033.322581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701727.910112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718146.577368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         1898                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.847861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         122333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        31.001774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.487933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.248236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   807.458649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1191.653044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.394267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.581862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3427                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3428                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                1899                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47295703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1494342189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1541637892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47295703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1494342189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1541637892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47295703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1494342189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1541637892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1689132.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798686.365045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811815.635598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1689132.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798686.365045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811815.635598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1689132.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798686.365045                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811815.635598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                242                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     242                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44837303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1330156189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374993492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44837303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1330156189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374993492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44837303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1330156189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374993492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.353152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1601332.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710933.291823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724061.870458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1601332.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710933.291823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724061.870458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1601332.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710933.291823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724061.870458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.431865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         183068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        60.779548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.431865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.289096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   446.155740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1533.555164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.217849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.748806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2925                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92172807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    771771030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     863943837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92172807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    771771030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      863943837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92172807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    771771030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     863943837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              3877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               3894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              3894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2491156.945946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829861.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893426.925543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2491156.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829861.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893426.925543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2491156.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 829861.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893426.925543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88923457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    690099028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    779022485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88923457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    690099028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    779022485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     88923457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    690099028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    779022485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.242314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2403336.675676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 742041.965591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805607.533609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2403336.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 742041.965591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805607.533609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2403336.675676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 742041.965591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805607.533609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.498114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         181267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.077021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.293738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.025378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   842.556042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1138.622956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.411404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.555968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1573947952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652506872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2178220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2178220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1576126172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1654685092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1576126172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1654685092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850782.676757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877126.789809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 726073.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726073.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850580.772801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876886.641229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850580.772801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876886.641229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1411487432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1487060254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1914820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1413402252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488975074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1413402252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488975074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762966.179459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789310.113588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 638273.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 638273.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762764.302213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789069.991521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762764.302213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789069.991521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3005                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.592174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         123987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        24.537305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.752883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.281928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   887.817972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1125.739391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.549677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            751                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 751                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3680                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3681                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3005                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64698570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2713937867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2778636437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11251541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11251541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64698570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2725189408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     2789887978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     64698570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2725189408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    2789887978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              6671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          751                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             751                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               6686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         6650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              6686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.449708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.449447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.449447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1848530.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 915324.744351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926212.145667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 2250308.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2250308.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1848530.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 917572.191246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 928415.300499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1848530.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 917572.191246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 928415.300499                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                471                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     471                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61625570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2453610867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515236437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10812541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10812541                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61625570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2464423408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2526048978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     61625570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2464423408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2526048978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.446617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1760730.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 827524.744351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838412.145667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 2162508.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2162508.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1760730.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 829772.191246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840615.300499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1760730.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 829772.191246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840615.300499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.499019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         181264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        46.076258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.291086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.030912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   842.536766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1138.640256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.411395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.555977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1912                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3545                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3546                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67841117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1574536522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1642377639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2178102                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2178102                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67841117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1576714624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1644555741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67841117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1576714624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1644555741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1912                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1995326.970588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 851100.822703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871750.339172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       726034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       726034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1995326.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850898.339989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871518.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1995326.970588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 850898.339989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871518.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64855391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1412041192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476896583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1914702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64855391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1413955894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478811285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64855391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1413955894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1478811285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.343275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1907511.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763265.509189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783915.383758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       638234                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       638234                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1907511.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763063.083648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783683.775835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1907511.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 763063.083648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783683.775835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1903                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.858750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         122323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        30.960010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.829937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.018666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   807.123482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1189.886666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.394103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.580999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 632                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3417                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3418                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1903                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55023915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1506003327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1561027242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55023915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1506003327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1561027242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55023915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1506003327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1561027242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             632                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1719497.343750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804918.934794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820298.077772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1719497.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804918.934794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820298.077772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1719497.343750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 804918.934794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820298.077772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                240                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     240                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52213470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341696958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393910428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52213470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341696958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393910428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     52213470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1341696958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1393910428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.354222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.353820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631670.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717101.527525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732480.519180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631670.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717101.527525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732480.519180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1631670.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 717101.527525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732480.519180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3433                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.926074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         155036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        28.286079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.214932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    15.147510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1199.265502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         829.298131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.007396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.585579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.404931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4159                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4160                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3397                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3433                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67354922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3238723033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3306077955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9103176                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9103176                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67354922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3247826209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3315181131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67354922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3247826209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3315181131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              7584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               7593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              7593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.449053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.451609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.449576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.449576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1870970.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 955657.430806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 965278.235036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1137897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1137897                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1870970.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956086.608478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965680.492572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1870970.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 956086.608478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965680.492572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                607                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     607                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64194122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2941139854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3005333976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8400776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8400776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64194122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2949540630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3013734752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64194122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2949540630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3013734752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.449053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.449576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.449576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1783170.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 867848.879906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877469.774015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1050097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1050097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1783170.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868278.077716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877872.051267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1783170.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 868278.077716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877872.051267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1247                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.569067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         159288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        48.342337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.370583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    30.810690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   556.186266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1433.201528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.015044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.271575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.699805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2861                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2863                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1208                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1248                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108470221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1008167377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1116637598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108470221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1008167377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1116637598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108470221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1008167377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1116637598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              4096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               4111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              4111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711755.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834575.643212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 894741.665064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711755.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834575.643212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 894741.665064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711755.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 834575.643212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 894741.665064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104943971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    901518113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006462084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104943971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    901518113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006462084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104943971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    901518113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006462084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.297731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.296633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2623599.275000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746908.130075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807106.723336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2623599.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746908.130075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807106.723336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2623599.275000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 746908.130075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807106.723336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1900                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.839159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         122314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        30.981256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.477716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.031170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   808.797094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1189.533179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.394920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.580827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3412                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3413                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1900                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1557017895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1557017895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58306262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1498711633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1557017895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2010560.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 801021.717263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819483.102632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55760062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1334437833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390197895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.354155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1922760.758621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 713221.717263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731683.102632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3006                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.622456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         123991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        24.533241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.075146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.792221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   876.681088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1136.074002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.011129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.428067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.554724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3683                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3684                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3006                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62223466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2732062295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2794285761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7715003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7715003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62223466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2739777298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     2802000764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62223466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2739777298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    2802000764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              6675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               6690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         6653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              6690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.449588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.449327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.449327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1728429.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 921437.536256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931118.214262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1543000.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1543000.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1728429.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 922483.938721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932135.982701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1728429.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 922483.938721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932135.982701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59062666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2471666009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2530728675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      7276003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7276003                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59062666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2478942012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2538004678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59062666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2478942012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2538004678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.446415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1640629.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833614.168297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843295.126624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1455200.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1455200.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1640629.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 834660.610101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844312.933466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1640629.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 834660.610101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844312.933466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          962                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.431605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         183059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        60.877619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.431605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    28.126173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   446.684128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1534.189699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.013733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.218107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.749116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  2906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 922                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   2923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  2923                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 962                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    750744789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     836007871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    750744789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      836007871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85263082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    750744789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     836007871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              3868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             922                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               3885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              3885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.240904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.240904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809864.928803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 869031.050936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809864.928803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 869031.050936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2436088.057143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809864.928803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 869031.050936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                511                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     511                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    669340687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751530769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    669340687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    751530769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82190082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    669340687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    751530769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.241973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.240904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.240904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 722050.363538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781217.015593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 722050.363538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781217.015593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2348288.057143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 722050.363538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781217.015593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3439                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.925174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         155043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        28.256424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.157421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.646285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1201.756173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         827.365295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.586795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.403987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4164                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1313                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1313                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4164                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4165                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3405                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3440                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70608446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3219639422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3290247868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11072412                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     11072412                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70608446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3230711834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3301320280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70608446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3230711834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3301320280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1313                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1313                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.451817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2017384.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 947789.055637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958696.931235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1384051.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1384051.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2017384.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 948814.048164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959686.127907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2017384.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 948814.048164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959686.127907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                606                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     606                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67534909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2921433048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2988967957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10370012                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10370012                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67534909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2931803060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2999337969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67534909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2931803060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2999337969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1929568.828571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 860003.841036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870911.409382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1296251.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296251.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1929568.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 861028.798825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871900.572384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1929568.828571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 861028.798825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871900.572384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1898                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.481336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         181254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        45.956897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.205381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.733448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   845.776159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1134.766347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.412977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.554085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3535                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3536                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1863                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1897                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62803816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1630387207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1693191023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2603405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2603405                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62803816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1632990612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1695794428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     62803816                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1632990612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1695794428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1847171.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 877023.779989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 894448.506603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 650851.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650851.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1847171.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 876538.170692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893934.859251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1847171.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 876538.170692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893934.859251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               1082                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    1082                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59818134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1467120247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526938381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2252205                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2252205                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59818134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1469372452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1529190586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59818134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1469372452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1529190586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1759356.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 789198.626681                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 806623.550449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 563051.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 563051.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1759356.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 788713.071390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 806109.955720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1759356.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 788713.071390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 806109.955720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.436445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         183079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        60.783201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.436445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    28.963849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   447.008018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1533.028133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.014143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.218266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.748549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  2919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            928                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 928                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   2936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2934                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  2936                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100852952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    760813936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     861666888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100852952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    760813936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      861666888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    100852952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    760813936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     861666888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              3886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             928                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               3903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              3903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.240683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.240683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2725755.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 818079.501075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891072.273009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2725755.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 818079.501075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891072.273009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2725755.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 818079.501075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891072.273009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                513                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     513                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97604352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    679146936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776751288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97604352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    679146936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776751288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     97604352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    679146936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776751288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.240683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.240683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2637955.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 730265.522581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803258.829369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2637955.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 730265.522581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803258.829369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2637955.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 730265.522581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803258.829369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397794394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397794394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404426218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404426218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404426218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404426218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341735.518999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341735.518999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340031.360920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340031.360920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340031.360920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340031.360920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210811142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210811142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211782713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211782713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211782713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211782713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300151.497769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300151.497769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.504322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.504322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.504322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.504322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              553.028310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              921324221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1648164.974955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.856531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.171779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.043039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1179189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1179189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1179189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69054910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69054910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1179235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1179235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1179235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1179235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1501193.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56012791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56012791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1750399.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205432618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             36961.608132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   193.817766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    62.182234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.757101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.242899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1751682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1751682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       321594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       321594                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2073276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2073276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2073276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2073276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8262897376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8262897376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2271583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2271583                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8265168959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8265168959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8265168959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8265168959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1770350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1770350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       321620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       321620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          766                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2091970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2091970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2091970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2091970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442623.600600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442623.600600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 87368.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87368.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442129.504600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442129.504600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 442129.504600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442129.504600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1715745112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1715745112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       391316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1716136428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716136428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1716136428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1716136428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323969.998489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323969.998489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65219.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65219.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323677.183704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323677.183704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 323677.183704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323677.183704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              551.030851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              921322600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1657055.035971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.858007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.172844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.039837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1177568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1177568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1177568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1177568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1177568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62985293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62985293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62985293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62985293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62985293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62985293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1177607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1177607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1177607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1615007.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1615007.512821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1615007.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1615007.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1615007.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1615007.512821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47611797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47611797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47611797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47611797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     47611797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47611797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1641786.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641786.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1641786.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641786.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1641786.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641786.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              205428726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 5553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36994.188006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   192.671046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    63.328954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.752621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.247379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1748891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1748891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2069402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2069402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2069402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2069402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8349370293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8349370293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2236598                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2236598                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8351606891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8351606891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8351606891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8351606891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1767495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1767495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          754                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          750                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          750                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2088032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2088032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448794.361051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448794.361051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        86023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86023                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448288.077885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448288.077885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 448288.077885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448288.077885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        13332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13332                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1734103632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1734103632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       386686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       386686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1734490318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1734490318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1734490318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1734490318                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 327683.981859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327683.981859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64447.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64447.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 327385.865987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327385.865987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 327385.865987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327385.865987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              487.179891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1004353295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2033103.836032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    32.179891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.051570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1253855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1253855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1253855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1253855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1253855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1253855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    140852726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140852726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    140852726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140852726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    140852726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140852726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1253915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1253915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1253915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1253915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1253915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1253915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2347545.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2347545.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2347545.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2347545.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2347545.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2347545.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       637890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       212630                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92610312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92610312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92610312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92610312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     92610312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92610312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2374623.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2374623.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2374623.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2374623.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2374623.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2374623.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              148979935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36239.342009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   219.728849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    36.271151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.858316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.141684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       998935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       741179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741179                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1740114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1740114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         9851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         9851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2268767703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2268767703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5781697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5781697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2274549400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2274549400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2274549400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2274549400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1008719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       741246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1749965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1749965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 231885.497036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231885.497036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86293.985075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86293.985075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 230895.279667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230895.279667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 230895.279667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230895.279667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5996                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    968802997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    968802997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1178423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    969981420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    969981420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    969981420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    969981420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 252423.917926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252423.917926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        69319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 251616.451362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251616.451362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 251616.451362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251616.451362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              509.837025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1002480679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1939034.195358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.837025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1156528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1156528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158490831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28021.716938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.481950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.518050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.884695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.115305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       813914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       685700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1499614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1499614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7823690211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7823690211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    399948231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    399948231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8223638442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8223638442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8223638442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8223638442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       832277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       832277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       686333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1518610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1518610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426057.300604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426057.300604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 631829.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631829.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432914.215730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432914.215730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432914.215730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432914.215730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7154041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 794893.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1821607683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1821607683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3177346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3177346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1824785029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824785029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1824785029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824785029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338462.965998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338462.965998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 176519.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176519.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337923.153519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337923.153519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337923.153519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337923.153519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              521.051317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1006904587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1914267.275665                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    31.051317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1129262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1129262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1129262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1129262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1129262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1129262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94607895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94607895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94607895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94607895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94607895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94607895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1129320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1129320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1129320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1129320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1129320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1129320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631170.603448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1631170.603448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631170.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1631170.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1631170.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1631170.603448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65055369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65055369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65055369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65055369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     65055369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65055369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1807093.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1807093.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1807093.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1807093.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1807093.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1807093.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 6650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              167290901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 6906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             24223.993774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   226.802930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    29.197070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.885949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.114051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       780149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       645147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1425296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1425296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        17545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        17545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        17545                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7609580470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7609580470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    107040542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    107040542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7716621012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7716621012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7716621012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7716621012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       797597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       645244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1442841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1442841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436129.096171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436129.096171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1103510.742268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1103510.742268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439818.809461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439818.809461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439818.809461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439818.809461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           82                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        10895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10895                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         6650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2979748423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2979748423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     11934041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11934041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2991682464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991682464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2991682464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2991682464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449095.466918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449095.466918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 795602.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795602.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449877.062256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449877.062256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 449877.062256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449877.062256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              509.840909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1002479304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1939031.535783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    27.840909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1155153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1155153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1155153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1155153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1155153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105972030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105972030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105972030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105972030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105972030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105972030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1155204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1155204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1155204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2077882.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2077882.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2077882.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2077882.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2077882.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2077882.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68203405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68203405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68203405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68203405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68203405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68203405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1948668.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1948668.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1948668.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1948668.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1948668.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1948668.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              158489419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             28031.379377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   226.470139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    29.529861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.884649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.115351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       813151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       685050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1498201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1498201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1498201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1498201                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18990                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7752754088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7752754088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    402879378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    402879378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8155633466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8155633466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8155633466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8155633466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       831508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       685683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1603                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1517191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1517191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1517191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1517191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 422332.303100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422332.303100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 636460.312796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 636460.312796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 429469.903423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 429469.903423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 429469.903423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 429469.903423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5873779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 652642.111111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1912                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        12977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1822038299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1822038299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3179047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3179047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1825217346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1825217346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1825217346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1825217346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338668.828810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338668.828810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 176613.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176613.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338128.444980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338128.444980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338128.444980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338128.444980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              553.109861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              921321319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1645216.641071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    27.336523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   525.773338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.043809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1176287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1176287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1176287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70437137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70437137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70437137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70437137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70437137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70437137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1176331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600844.022727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1600844.022727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600844.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1600844.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1600844.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1600844.022727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55371326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55371326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55371326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55371326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55371326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55371326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677918.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677918.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677918.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677918.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1677918.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1677918.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              205429713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             37054.421537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   194.091405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    61.908595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.758170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.241830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1749863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1749863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2070376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        2070376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      2070376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       2070376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        18588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        18588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        18588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8387037139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8387037139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2275914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2275914                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8389313053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8389313053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8389313053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8389313053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1768425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1768425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2088964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      2088964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451839.087329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451839.087329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 87535.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87535.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451329.516516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451329.516516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 451329.516516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451329.516516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             632                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745188820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745188820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       394479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745583299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745583299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1745583299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745583299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330403.032942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330403.032942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 65746.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65746.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330102.741868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330102.741868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 330102.741868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330102.741868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              572.455482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1032065149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1779422.670690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.325241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.130240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1108384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1108384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1108384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1108384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1108384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91291505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91291505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91291505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91291505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     91291505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91291505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1108436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1108436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1108436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1755605.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1755605.865385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1755605.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1755605.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1755605.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1755605.865385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566584                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       283292                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67754048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67754048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67754048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67754048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67754048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67754048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1831190.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831190.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1831190.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831190.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1831190.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831190.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 7556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              406612607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 7812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             52049.744880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   110.969440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   145.030560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2890190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2890190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1582389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1582389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4472579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4472579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4472579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4472579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        27647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        27647                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13428953743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13428953743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31853577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31853577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13460807320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13460807320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13460807320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13460807320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2917807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2917807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1582419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1582419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4500226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4500226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4500226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4500226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 486256.789043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486256.789043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1061785.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1061785.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 486881.300684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486881.300684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 486881.300684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486881.300684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20091                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20091                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         7556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3550930878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3550930878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9233938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9233938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3560164816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3560164816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3560164816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3560164816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 470508.927786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470508.927786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1025993.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1025993.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 471170.568555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471170.568555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 471170.568555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471170.568555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              510.317790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001233467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1936621.793037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    35.317790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.056599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1225371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1225371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1225371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1225371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1225371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1225371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125601117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125601117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125601117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125601117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    125601117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125601117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1225425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1225425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1225425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1225425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1225425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1225425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2325946.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2325946.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2325946.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2325946.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2325946.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2325946.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       830060                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 276686.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108946425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108946425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108946425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108946425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108946425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108946425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593962.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593962.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2593962.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              152648325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35294.410405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   221.121285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    34.878715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.863755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.136245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       842062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        842062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       708354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1550416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1550416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1550416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1550416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        12992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        13078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        13078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        13078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4376048755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4376048755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      6895254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6895254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4382944009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4382944009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4382944009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4382944009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       855054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       855054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       708440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1813                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1563494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1563494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1563494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1563494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.015194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 336826.412792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336826.412792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 80177.372093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80177.372093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335138.706912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335138.706912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335138.706912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335138.706912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1203510993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203510993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       979083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1204490076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204490076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1204490076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204490076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 296870.003207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296870.003207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 65272.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65272.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 296016.238879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296016.238879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 296016.238879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296016.238879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              551.861504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              921322958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1654080.714542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    25.688974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.172530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.041168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.843225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177926                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1177926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1177926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1177926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71546926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71546926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1177966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1177966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1788673.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58648488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58648488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1954949.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5283                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              205430332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             37087.981946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   192.602200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    63.397800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.752352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.247648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1750405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1750405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       320599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320599                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2071004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2071004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2071004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2071004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        18666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        18666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8341145622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8341145622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2226474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2226474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8343372096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8343372096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8343372096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8343372096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1769045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1769045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       320625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2089670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2089670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2089670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2089670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447486.353112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447486.353112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85633.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85633.615385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446982.325940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737506574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737506574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737891174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737891174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1737891174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737891174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 329260.294486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329260.294486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328959.147076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              521.145970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1006904832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1910635.354839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    31.145970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.049913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1129507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1129507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1129507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1129507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1129507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1129507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93157086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93157086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93157086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93157086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93157086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93157086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1129563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1129563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1129563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1129563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1129563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1129563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1663519.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1663519.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1663519.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1663519.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1663519.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1663519.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62588533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62588533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62588533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62588533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62588533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62588533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1691581.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691581.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1691581.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691581.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1691581.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1691581.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 6653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              167290300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 6909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             24213.388334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   226.784489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    29.215511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.885877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.114123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       779921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        779921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       644802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1424723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1424723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1424723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1424723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        17431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        17431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7562363588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7562363588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73395704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73395704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7635759292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7635759292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7635759292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7635759292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       797262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       644892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644892                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1442154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1442154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 436097.317802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436097.317802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 815507.822222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815507.822222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 438056.295795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438056.295795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 438056.295795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438056.295795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10778                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10778                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         6653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2998120235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2998120235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8397503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8397503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3006517738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3006517738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3006517738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3006517738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451660.173998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451660.173998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 559833.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 559833.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451904.064031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451904.064031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 451904.064031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451904.064031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              485.901555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1004354826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2041371.597561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    30.901555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.049522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1255386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1255386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1255386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    134131787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    134131787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1255439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2530788.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254810                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313702.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     85684943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85684943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2315809.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148980983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36301.409113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.738853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.261147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.858355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.141645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       999489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       741663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741663                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1741152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1741152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9870                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2244521985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2244521985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6867365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6867365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2251389350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2251389350                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2251389350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2251389350                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1009266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       741756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741756                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1751022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1751022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 229571.646210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229571.646210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73842.634409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73842.634409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 228104.290780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228104.290780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 228104.290780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228104.290780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        12850                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        12850                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         6022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    947523509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    947523509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1233176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1233176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    948756685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    948756685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    948756685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    948756685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247330.594884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247330.594884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72539.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72539.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 246558.390073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246558.390073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 246558.390073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246558.390073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              571.410201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1032065228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1782496.075993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.799930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   540.610271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.866363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1108463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1108463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1108463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1108463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1108463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95093970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95093970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95093970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95093970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95093970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95093970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1108514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1108514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1108514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1864587.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1864587.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1864587.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1864587.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1864587.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1864587.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1212634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 404211.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70982689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70982689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70982689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70982689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70982689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70982689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1971741.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1971741.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1971741.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1971741.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1971741.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1971741.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              406610055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             51969.587807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.967299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.032701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2888607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2888607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1581419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1581419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          779                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4470026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4470026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4470026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4470026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        27713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        27713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13376489342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13376489342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37078046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37078046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13413567388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13413567388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13413567388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13413567388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2916290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2916290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1581449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1581449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          779                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4497739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4497739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4497739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4497739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 483202.302568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 483202.302568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1235934.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1235934.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 484017.153971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 484017.153971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 484017.153971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 484017.153971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1313                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3532215790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3532215790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     11203160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11203160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3543418950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3543418950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3543418950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3543418950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 467224.310847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467224.310847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1244795.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1244795.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 468148.890210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468148.890210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 468148.890210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 468148.890210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.858258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1002478713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1939030.392650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.858258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.044645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1154562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1154562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1154562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1154562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1154562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93570498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93570498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93570498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93570498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93570498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93570498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1154611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1154611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1154611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1154611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1154611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1909602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1909602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1909602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1909602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1909602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1909602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63160202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63160202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63160202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63160202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     63160202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63160202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1804577.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804577.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1804577.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804577.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1804577.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804577.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              158490967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             28031.653166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   226.495122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    29.504878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.884747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.115253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       813823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       685877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1650                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1650                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1499700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1499700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499700                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        19139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        19139                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7968129713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7968129713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    390349528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    390349528                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8358479241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8358479241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8358479241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8358479241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       832344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       832344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       686495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1650                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1650                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1518839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1518839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.022252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 430221.354840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 430221.354840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 631633.540453                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631633.540453                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436724.972099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436724.972099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 436724.972099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436724.972099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7796755                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 866306.111111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1877315901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877315901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3609959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3609959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1880925860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880925860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1880925860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1880925860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 349008.347462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349008.347462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 189997.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 189997.842105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 348448.658763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348448.658763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 348448.658763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 348448.658763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              486.823998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1004354783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2033106.848178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    31.823998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1255343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1255343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1255343                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    152456751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152456751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    152456751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152456751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    152456751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152456751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1255401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2628564.672414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2628564.672414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2628564.672414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2628564.672414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2628564.672414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2628564.672414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1254904                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       313726                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101290061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101290061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101290061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101290061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    101290061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101290061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2597181.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597181.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2597181.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597181.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2597181.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2597181.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 3864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              148979478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             36160.067476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   219.725947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    36.274053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.858304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.141696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       998221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       741425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1739646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1739646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1739646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1739646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         9918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         9918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         9918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2260321656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2260321656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6811580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6811580                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2267133236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2267133236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2267133236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2267133236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1008050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       741514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741514                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1948                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1749564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1749564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 229964.559569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229964.559569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 76534.606742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76534.606742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228587.743093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228587.743093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 228587.743093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228587.743093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3260                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         3260                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         6054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    958431319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    958431319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1194294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1194294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    959625613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    959625613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    959625613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    959625613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 249137.332727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249137.332727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 70252.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70252.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 248350.313923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248350.313923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 248350.313923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248350.313923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
