
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 385139                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   495663                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 271539                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41212.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15872414951                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20427358945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       377472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       381184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       237184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       380032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       380032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       239872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       239744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       235264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       239744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       379264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       238976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       377984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4407040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           69760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1095296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1095296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8557                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8557                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33730823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     34062527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21194715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       400332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33959584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     33959584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21434914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       331704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21423476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21023144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       331704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21423476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33890956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21354848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33776575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               393812221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       400332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       331704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       331704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6233740                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          97875433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               97875433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          97875433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33730823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     34062527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21194715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       400332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33959584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     33959584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21434914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       331704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21423476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21023144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       331704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21423476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33890956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       297389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21354848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33776575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              491687655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396947     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084418     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385979     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367771                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1887089                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543546                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186761                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774782                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741119                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192820                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8243                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18292259                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10711833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1887089                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       933939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2243607                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        545566                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       923831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1127466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     21814440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       19570833     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         122608      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         191794      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         304711      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         126239      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         140982      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         150695      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          98365      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1108213      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     21814440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070319                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.399155                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       18117819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1099985                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2236338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         5850                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       308970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13078024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1641                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       18146840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        231405                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       783026                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2213674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        85047                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13067572                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         2643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        22654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        30797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7510                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     18137475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     60782461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     60782461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     15419706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2717751                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          246830                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       669078                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20119                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       153745                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13046261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324024                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16265                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1691038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3805598                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          392                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21814440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16617337     76.18%     76.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2086017      9.56%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139917      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779416      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       726992      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208110      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163219      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55363      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38069      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21814440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2892     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9138     39.37%     51.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11182     48.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10323652     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195117      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1490      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1139144      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664621      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324024                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459231                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23212                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46501965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14740851                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12121912                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     12347236                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36967                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22072                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          788                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       354444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        153909                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13049692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5520                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669078                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8497                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       215590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12145796                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  33                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1735281                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1708592                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           664276                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.452589                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12122150                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12121912                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7089506                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        18524262                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.451699                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382715                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9057401                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11101949                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1947784                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3006                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       190464                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21459996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16951280     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2184825     10.18%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       850838      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457104      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       341923      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190428      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119531      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105418      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258649      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21459996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9057401                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11101949                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1664713                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1017707                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1593598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10003689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       225523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       258649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           34251015                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          26453959                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                298958                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               5021806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9057401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11101949                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9057401                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.962908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.962908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       54763425                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      16803673                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12195766                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1892592                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1548143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187161                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         742733                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193359                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8274                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18345852                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             10743167                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1892592                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       936092                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2249551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        546750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       852778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1130504                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188089                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     21803716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       19554165     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         122960      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         191442      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         305698      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         126782      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         141567      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         150499      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          98664      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1111939      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     21803716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.400323                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       18169427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1030920                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2242254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         5869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       355242                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       309786                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13116458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1610                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       355242                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       18199100                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        230076                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       714219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2218954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        86121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13106001                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         2320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        22463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        31390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7649                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18191501                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     60961814                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     60961814                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     15466073                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2725424                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          251275                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251473                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       671281                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20087                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       154037                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13084212                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3398                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12359724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16332                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1697023                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3816540                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          379                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21803716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16591417     76.09%     76.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2092144      9.60%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1144117      5.25%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       780769      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728951      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208545      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164065      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55544      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38164      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21803716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2941     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9159     39.24%     51.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11243     48.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10353679     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195598      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1495      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142352      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       666600      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12359724                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.460561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23343                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001889                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46562839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14784780                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12156624                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12383067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36919                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230711                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          150                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          797                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       355242                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        159665                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11539                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13087633                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251473                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       671281                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8645                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          150                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107793                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108074                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       215867                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12180458                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1074163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1740395                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1713556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           666232                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.453881                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12156828                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12156624                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7110236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        18577643                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.452993                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9084749                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11135304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1952391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       190863                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21448474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370844                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16926083     78.92%     78.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2191143     10.22%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       853772      3.98%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458246      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       343161      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191397      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119629      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105868      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259175      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21448474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9084749                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11135304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1669731                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1020762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1506                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1598336                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10033753                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       226181                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       259175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           34276929                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26530666                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                299547                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               5032530                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9084749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11135304                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9084749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.953989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.953989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.338525                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.338525                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       54920528                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16851750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12231578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3016                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1957075                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193409                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         760908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200275                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18681168                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11137203                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1957075                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       961183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2446927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        554485                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1907301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1153352                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23392799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20945872     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         264505      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         307080      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         168041      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         192329      0.82%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         106728      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          72247      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         189740      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1146257      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23392799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.072927                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.415006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       18522542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      2069198                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2425812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19899                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       317453                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2057                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13591833                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        10806                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       18553548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        596148                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1387489                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2415307                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        84951                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13582140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        21027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18868819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     63239023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     63239023                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16043289                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2825523                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          230070                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1301458                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       707009                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18221                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       156469                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13556514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12787294                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1741314                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4050256                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          438                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23392799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546634                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18006489     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2164736      9.25%     86.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1164581      4.98%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806729      3.45%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       704775      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       358903      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88505      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56084      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41997      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23392799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3273     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12345     43.83%     55.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12548     44.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10699701     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.56%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1563      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185113      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       700941      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12787294                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.476493                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28166                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49014423                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15301550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12567974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12815460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31636                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18353                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          566                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       355347                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        551110                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13560125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1301458                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707009                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2015                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9703                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       220941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12593985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1112011                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1812717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1760525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           700706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.469290                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12568272                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12567974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7471914                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19574182                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.468321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9423356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11561253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1999059                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3150                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       194374                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23037452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18313542     79.49%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2190446      9.51%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       919321      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551019      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       381483      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246261      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129075      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103019      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203286      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23037452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9423356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11561253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1752499                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1063843                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1654512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10423088                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       235224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       203286                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           36394413                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27475991                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                289498                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               3443447                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9423356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11561253                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9423356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.847844                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.847844                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.351143                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.351143                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       56807888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17441150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12685490                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3146                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1959226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1606181                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200817                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8634                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18725549                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11153476                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1959226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       962353                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2450614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        556701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1908513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1156576                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23443482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20992868     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         265462      1.13%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         305789      1.30%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         167879      0.72%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         193545      0.83%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         106604      0.45%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          73301      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         190396      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1147638      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23443482                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073007                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.415612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       18566678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2070579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2429833                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19629                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       318173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2044                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13616524                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        10797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       18597189                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        451564                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1533899                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2419458                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        84601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13607167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        20944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        39570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     18900769                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63360480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63360480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     16068512                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2832217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2015                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          227794                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       708604                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18317                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       156284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13580398                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3591                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12811326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1745351                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4059730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23443482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546477                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239965                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18047287     76.98%     76.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2169978      9.26%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165831      4.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806682      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706042      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       361085      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88051      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56467      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42059      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23443482                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3092     10.91%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12624     44.54%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12624     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10718619     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200299      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1188364      9.28%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702479      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12811326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49113097                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15329479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12590233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     12839666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18864                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          781                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          605                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       356762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        407686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13584018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8437                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708604                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9186                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       221359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12616666                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  29                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1816155                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1762980                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           702228                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.470135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12590540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12590233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7485031                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        19613490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.469150                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381627                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9438126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     11579433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2004724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3154                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       195161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23086720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.317465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18356305     79.51%     79.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193626      9.50%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920318      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551085      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382604      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246376      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129227      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103174      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       204005      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23086720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      9438126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     11579433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1755247                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1065510                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1657105                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10439485                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       235600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       204005                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36466807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          27525118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                290555                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3392764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           9438126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            11579433                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      9438126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.843387                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.843387                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.351693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.351693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       56910676                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      17470562                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      12704417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3150                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2318072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912696                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847848                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249471                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9976                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20191381                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12719186                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2318072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1097319                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2651395                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        591015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1900096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1255063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203225                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     25122256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22470861     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         162345      0.65%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         204971      0.82%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         327080      1.30%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         137366      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         175097      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         204989      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          94126      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1345421      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     25122256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086378                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.473955                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20075857                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2030182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2638790                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       352600                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15544444                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20096337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         64920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1909034                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2619524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        56260                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15448312                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         8159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        39181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     21578637                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     71840228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     71840228                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     18046292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3532334                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          198719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446902                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       756068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8211                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       170476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15083737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14467487                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15215                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1836833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3749272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25122256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18990664     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2797575     11.14%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1142797      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641103      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       867593      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267365      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263409      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140642      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11108      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25122256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100130     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13398     10.59%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12947     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12187144     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197821      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1327390      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753342      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14467487                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.539102                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126475                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54198919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16924440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14089945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14593962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273801                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10495                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       376175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         49659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15087519                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446902                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118642                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       244669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14215817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1305330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2058575                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2010337                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           753245                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14090033                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14089945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8440684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22672440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.525034                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372288                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10499297                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12937669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2149907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       214229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24746081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341145                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19269314     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2775485     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008281      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501834      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459302      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193287      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190568      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91011      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256999      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24746081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10499297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12937669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1918674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1173101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1875250                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11648151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       267162                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       256999                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           39576580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          30551343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                308407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1713990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10499297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12937669                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10499297                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.556004                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.556004                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391236                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391236                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       63964586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      19690046                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14377752                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1887594                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1543877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       774706                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         740874                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192829                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18283384                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10712748                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1887594                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       933703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2243477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        543338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       869995                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1126290                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187017                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     21750128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       19506651     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         122357      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         191228      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         304742      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         126773      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         141974      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         149924      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          97805      0.45%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1108674      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     21750128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070337                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.399190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       18108591                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      1046609                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2236068                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         5878                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       352978                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       309096                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13078327                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1631                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       352978                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       18137834                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        223983                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       736888                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2213259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        85182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13067789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        22509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        31001                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7597                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     18138444                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     60783472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     60783472                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15430159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2708285                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1899                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          248038                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247294                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       669044                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       153338                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13046458                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        12327411                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1684327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3787518                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          394                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21750128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16552239     76.10%     76.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2085535      9.59%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141194      5.25%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       778234      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       727956      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208259      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163343      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55335      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38033      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21750128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2928     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9074     39.15%     51.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11175     48.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10326845     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195165      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1491      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1139321      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664589      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     12327411                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459357                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23177                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001880                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46444115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14734339                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12126020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     12350588                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228936                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21618                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          790                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       352978                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        154320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11489                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13049887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5403                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247294                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669044                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1901                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8553                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107443                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       214605                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12149670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1071597                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1735853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1709558                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           664256                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12126228                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12126020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7092138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        18529286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382753                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9063577                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11109355                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1940592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       189715                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21397150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16886097     78.92%     78.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2185480     10.21%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       851395      3.98%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457417      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342359      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190624      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119313      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105320      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259145      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21397150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9063577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11109355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1665784                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1018358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1502                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1594608                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10010358                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       225649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       259145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           34187887                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          26452904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                298128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               5086118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9063577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11109355                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9063577                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.960889                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.960889                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.337736                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.337736                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       54782014                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16808892                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12197332                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3010                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1887693                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544364                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187202                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       773441                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         740239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         192879                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8286                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18296173                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             10712573                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1887693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       933118                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2243647                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        546966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       926582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1128014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188184                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     21822120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       19578473     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         122703      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         191236      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         305161      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         126286      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         140823      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         149812      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          98112      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1109514      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     21822120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070341                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.399183                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       18120690                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1103818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2236374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         5810                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       355424                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       308763                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     13080923                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1624                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       355424                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       18150295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        243107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       777308                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2213139                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        82843                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     13070639                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         2312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        22606                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        31398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4230                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     18140215                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     60797623                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     60797623                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15420199                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2719951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1913                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          250342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1249308                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       668938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20004                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       153382                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         13049357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3413                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        12324440                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16294                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1694970                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3819094                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          405                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21822120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16625443     76.19%     76.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2085885      9.56%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139716      5.22%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       778513      3.57%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       727716      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       207879      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163528      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55363      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38077      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21822120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2904     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9156     39.40%     51.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11180     48.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10325172     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       194947      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1490      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1138582      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       664249      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     12324440                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.459246                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23240                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46510534                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14747892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12121347                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     12347680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36735                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21884                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          788                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       355424                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        163458                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11443                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13052794                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1249308                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       668938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1911                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107628                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108146                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       215774                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12145133                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1070455                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       179307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1734339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1708321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           663884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.452565                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             12121560                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            12121347                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7089762                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        18529243                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.451678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382626                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9057797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     11102363                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1950397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3007                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       190892                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21466696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16958784     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2183820     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       850579      3.96%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457444      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342152      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       190275      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119255      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105556      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258831      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21466696                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9057797                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     11102363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1664806                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1017764                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1500                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1593627                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        10004084                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       225527                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       258831                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           34260560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          26461044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                299195                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               5014126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9057797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            11102363                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9057797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.962778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.962778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.337521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.337521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       54759915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16803141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      12195626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1830583                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639089                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147110                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1242322                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106852                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4397                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19432254                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10410487                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1830583                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1315641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2321303                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        485285                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       769125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1176627                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22860066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508863                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20538763     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         358377      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         175585      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         353910      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         108850      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         329506      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          50250      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          81661      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         863164      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22860066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068213                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.387926                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19252794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       953342                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2316463                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       335504                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       168462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1880                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     11611548                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4494                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       335504                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19273816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        617526                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       270518                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2295521                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        67174                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     11592906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        51147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15154986                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     52487336                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     52487336                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12242757                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2912193                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          772                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          154969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       330798                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75047                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11531108                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1521                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        10780481                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7384                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2115722                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4359684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22860066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18132346     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468025      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1608882      7.04%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920745      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469291      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117957      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136867      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3318      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2635      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22860066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17723     57.25%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7323     23.66%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5911     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8431859     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82293      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938057     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327526      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     10780481                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.401713                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30957                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44459369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13648380                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10503942                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     10811438                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8387                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           21                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8741                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       335504                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        541568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11532638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330798                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          770                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3918                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99249                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56418                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       155667                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10645019                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135462                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2237897                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1620206                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           327477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.396666                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10506674                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10503942                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6364759                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13734375                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.391409                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463418                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8375992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9400868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       145998                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22524562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417361                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19039116     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359728      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882451      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275893      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465427      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88435      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56259      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50902      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306351      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22524562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8375992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9400868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2008734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1686677                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1444895                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8206715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       114660                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       306351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33751275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          23401957                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                438494                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3976180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8375992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9400868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8375992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.203948                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.203948                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.312115                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.312115                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       49531312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      13654443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12380958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1831784                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1639771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147079                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1242496                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107020                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4430                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19432256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10415710                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1831784                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1315783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2321891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        484968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       744502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1176750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       143978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     22835739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.743290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20513848     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         358335      1.57%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         175792      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         353725      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         108440      0.47%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         329458      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          50259      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          82085      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         863797      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     22835739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068258                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.388121                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19252659                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       928861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2317045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1967                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       335206                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       169013                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1884                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     11617469                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       335206                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19273609                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        589840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       273459                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2296089                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        67529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     11598918                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        51377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     15163709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     52513762                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     52513762                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12254135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2909546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          776                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          156123                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125415                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       331107                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        75086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         11536992                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1526                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        10787900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2113585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4350924                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22835739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.084075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18105310     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468578      6.43%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1609790      7.05%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       921448      4.04%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469505      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117888      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137258      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3306      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2656      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22835739                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17705     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7327     23.67%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5929     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8438356     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82400      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          748      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938427     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327969      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     10787900                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.401990                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30961                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44449700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13652132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10511966                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     10818861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8793                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       437997                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8575                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       335206                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        513889                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8091                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11538528                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125415                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       331107                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          773                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          209                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99053                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       155495                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10652634                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910631                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2238554                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1621605                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           327923                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.396949                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             10514638                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            10511966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6369381                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        13746541                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.391708                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463344                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8382643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9408996                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2129998                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1507                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       145971                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22500533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286985                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19012787     84.50%     84.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1360132      6.04%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       883381      3.93%     94.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276359      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465420      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88312      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56317      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50717      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       307108      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22500533                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8382643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9408996                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2009950                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1687418                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1446053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8214037                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       114821                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       307108                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           33732393                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          23413451                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                438626                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4000507                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8382643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9408996                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8382643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.201406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.201406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.312363                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.312363                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       49565436                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      13666284                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      12387083                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1960750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1607876                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       194095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       799390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761475                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200577                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18707232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11155698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1960750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       962052                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2450379                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        556943                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1830780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1155173                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192970                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23347790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       20897411     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         265295      1.14%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         306107      1.31%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         167659      0.72%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         193265      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         106555      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          72501      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         190652      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1148345      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23347790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.073063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.415695                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       18547827                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1993465                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2429028                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        20117                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       357352                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       318052                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred         2047                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13617029                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        10836                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       357352                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       18578970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        585817                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1321335                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2418752                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        85555                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13607571                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        21449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        39854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     18902203                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63360348                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63360348                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16064793                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2837401                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3530                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          230547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1305376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       708241                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       156679                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13582113                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3536                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12809137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18984                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1749710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4071415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          383                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23347790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17953388     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2168358      9.29%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1165929      4.99%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       806414      3.45%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706239      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360541      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88591      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56168      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42162      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23347790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3224     11.40%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12494     44.17%     55.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12570     44.44%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10717522     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200309      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187791      9.27%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       701950      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12809137                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477307                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28288                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002208                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49013335                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15335497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12588966                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12837425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           81                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18650                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          782                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          348                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       357352                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        540527                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13848                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13585676                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7455                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1305376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708241                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1962                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9502                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       111153                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       110240                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       221393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12615128                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1114085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194008                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1815798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1763206                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           701713                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.470078                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12589279                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12588966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7485036                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19612829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.469103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381640                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9435959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11576761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2009103                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       195065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22990438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18260962     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2192887      9.54%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       920277      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551461      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382283      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246353      1.07%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129283      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103114      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203818      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22990438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9435959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11576761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1754861                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1065273                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1656728                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10437081                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       235547                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       203818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           36372419                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27529103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                289981                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3488456                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9435959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11576761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9435959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.844040                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.844040                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.351612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.351612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       56905819                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17469641                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12706613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2319935                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1931519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212821                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       913397                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         848526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249662                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20207105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12729237                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2319935                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1098188                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2653481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        591520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1883749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1256047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203403                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     25121302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622700                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       22467821     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         162459      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         205132      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         327344      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         137474      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         175231      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         205163      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          94185      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1346493      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     25121302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.474330                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20088796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2013892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2640870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       376493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       352866                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15556752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       376493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20109290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         64921                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1892715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2621590                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        56287                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15460538                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21595720                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     71897096                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     71897096                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     18060420                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3535300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3764                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1972                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          198828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1448028                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       756640                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       170623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15095649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14478932                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15234                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3752130                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25121302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18984877     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2799786     11.15%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143648      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641576      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868355      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267620      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263588      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140742      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11110      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25121302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100207     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13404     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12951     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12196808     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197993      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328427      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753913      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14478932                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.539529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54220962                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16937869                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14101067                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14605494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10498                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10500                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       376493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49659                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6532                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15099432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1448028                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756640                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118752                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       244892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14227041                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306352                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2060168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2011944                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           753816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.530143                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14101155                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14101067                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8447315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22690434                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.525449                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10507497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12947822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2151671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       214416                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24744809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19263732     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2777640     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1009131      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502213      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459656      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193441      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190713      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91090      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257193      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24744809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10507497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12947822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1920161                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1174021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1876755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11657256                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       267371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       257193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           39587031                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30575491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                308625                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1714944                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10507497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12947822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10507497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.554009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.554009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       64015015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19705614                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14389054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1830609                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147003                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1241538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208257                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4393                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19425959                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             10410780                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1830609                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1314971                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2320903                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        485021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       766603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1176288                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       143963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     22850687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20529784     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         358540      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         175597      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         353719      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         108599      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         328891      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          50232      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          82134      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         863191      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     22850687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.387937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19247343                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       949932                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2316147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1918                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       335346                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       168715                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         1876                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     11610558                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         4476                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       335346                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19268221                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        612863                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       272148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2295309                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        66793                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     11592052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         9028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        51016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     15154583                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     52483230                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     52483230                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     12243064                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2911493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          770                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          154347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      2125694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       330693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        74999                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         11531079                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1520                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        10781326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7231                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2115576                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4355087                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22850687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18124626     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1465808      6.41%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1608735      7.04%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       920903      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469420      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       118141      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       137081      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3316      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2657      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22850687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17722     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7321     23.64%     80.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5932     19.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8432770     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82269      0.76%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1938004     17.98%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327537      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     10781326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.401745                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30975                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44451542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13648203                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10505020                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     10812301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8616                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438948                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       335346                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        537460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11532610                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2125694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          768                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          204                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        98966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56519                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       155485                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10646034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1910431                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2237929                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1620437                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           327498                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.396704                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             10507680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            10505020                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         6365264                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        13733978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.391449                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.463468                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8376227                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      9401148                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2131937                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1506                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       145901                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22515341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19031141     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1357979      6.03%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882816      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276055      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       465258      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88330      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56306      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50794      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       306662      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22515341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      8376227                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      9401148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              2008821                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1686746                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               752                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1444941                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         8206958                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       114664                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       306662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           33741738                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          23401761                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                438309                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3985559                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           8376227                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             9401148                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      8376227                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.203858                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.203858                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.312124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.312124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       49536181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      13656522                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12381340                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1504                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1892924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1548600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       187502                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       776392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         742847                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193385                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8262                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18352479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             10744922                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1892924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       936232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2249963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        547712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       865807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1131081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       188505                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     21824397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19574434     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         122767      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         191375      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         306170      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         126722      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         141455      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         151192      0.69%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          98466      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1111816      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     21824397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.400388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18177553                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1042533                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2242538                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         5913                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       355856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       309635                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          270                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13117980                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1600                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       355856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18206912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        200995                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       756457                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2219603                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        84570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13107428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         4116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        22657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        31096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6508                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     18194133                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     60968586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     60968586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15468501                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2725603                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3417                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1920                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          248814                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1251451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       671214                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       153841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13085912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3431                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12360874                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16295                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1694964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3817608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          411                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21824397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16611141     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2093361      9.59%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143163      5.24%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       780955      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       729869      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208506      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163652      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55596      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38154      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21824397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2886     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9144     39.32%     51.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11223     48.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10355192     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195602      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1495      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1142191      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       666394      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12360874                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.460604                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23253                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46585693                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14784462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12158652                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     12384127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        36686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          803                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       355856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        130089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11442                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13089367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5393                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1251451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       671214                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1922                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8498                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107985                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       108326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       216311                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12182421                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1074264                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       178453                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1740275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1713814                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           666011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.453954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12158867                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12158652                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7111230                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        18579624                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453068                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9086140                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11137037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1952383                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3020                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       191211                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21468541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16945566     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2191660     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       853089      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       458842      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       343364      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191296      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119594      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105867      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       259263      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21468541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9086140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11137037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1669990                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1020917                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1506                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1598585                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10035311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       226217                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       259263                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           34298633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          26534740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                299925                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               5011849                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9086140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11137037                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9086140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.953536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.953536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.338577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.338577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       54930015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16855212                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12233241                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3018                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1828623                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1636997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147389                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1240287                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1206834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4416                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19417565                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             10397472                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1828623                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1313509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2319043                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        485129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       768857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1175906                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144338                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     22842414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.741621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20523371     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         358708      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         175101      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         353497      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         108975      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         328828      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          50051      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          81195      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         862688      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     22842414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.387441                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19238955                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       952214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2314203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1962                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       168597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         1871                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     11598550                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         4454                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19259931                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        612327                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       274724                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2293233                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        67113                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     11579976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         9153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        51049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     15138297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     52429874                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     52429874                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     12233027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2905244                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          773                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          154801                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      2123430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       330465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2997                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        75064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         11519510                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        10772320                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7071                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2112439                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4341733                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22842414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18118754     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467016      6.42%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1606380      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919706      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       470267      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117933      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136431      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3309      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2618      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22842414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17551     57.03%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7311     23.76%     80.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5914     19.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8427051     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82244      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1934933     17.96%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327346      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     10772320                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.401409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30776                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44424901                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13633497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10495260                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     10803096                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439210                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       335079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        536655                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7965                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11521039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2123430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3896                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          211                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        98991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       155717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10636414                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1907745                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135906                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2235049                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1619115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           327304                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.396345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             10498039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            10495260                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         6358859                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        13723915                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.391085                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.463341                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8367765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      9392641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2128860                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       146289                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22507335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19025450     84.53%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1357996      6.03%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881222      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276119      1.23%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       464800      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88612      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56256      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50992      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305888      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22507335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      8367765                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      9392641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2006272                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1684217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1443539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         8199842                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       305888                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           33722922                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          23378324                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                438069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3993832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           8367765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             9392641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      8367765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.207098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.207098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.311808                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.311808                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       49488558                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      13644371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      12365052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1888730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       779413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741361                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18312509                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10721231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1888730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       934896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2244360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        544376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       884144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1128127                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21794846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19550486     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         121976      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         191243      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         304668      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         126412      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         141701      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         151152      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          98509      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1108699      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21794846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18138078                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1060317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2237141                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       309258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13087974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18167153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        223298                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       752997                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2214351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        83508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13077806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        22585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6097                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18153819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60830357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60830357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15445676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2708113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          247356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       669815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       153610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13056869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3403                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1683983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783813                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21794846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259699                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16590537     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090457      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140910      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779482      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728248      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208075      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163450      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55542      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38145      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21794846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2911     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8793     38.40%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11196     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10335697     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195305      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141055      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665194      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338744                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.459779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46511541                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14744403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12137371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12361644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          793                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        150107                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13060307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1896                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107721                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       215013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12161272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  35                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1737783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1710721                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           664853                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.453166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12137574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12137371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7097969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18540186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.452275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9072776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11120612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1939731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       190188                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21441311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370171                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16924633     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188274     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852036      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459243      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342144      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191409      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119064      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105532      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258976      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21441311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9072776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11120612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1667512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1019411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1596235                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10020503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       225880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       258976                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           34242613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26474273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                298695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5041400                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9072776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11120612                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9072776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.957887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.957887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.338079                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.338079                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54837700                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16825328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12207231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078575257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911042672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970120014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.989140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.844408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.989140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.844408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.989140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.844408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2986                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.557995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         123988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5034                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        24.630115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.104206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.937634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   881.589031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1130.927124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.430463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.552211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3682                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3683                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2986                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2751698762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2816280998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8652694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8652694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760351456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     2824933692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64582236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2760351456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    2824933692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.447743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.447743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 934680.286005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944743.709493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1730538.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1730538.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936029.656155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946059.508372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1745465.837838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936029.656155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946059.508372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                470                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     470                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2493160095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2554493095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8213694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8213694                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2501373789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2562706789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2501373789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2562706789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.444729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 846861.445312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856924.889299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1642738.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1642738.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848210.847406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858240.719692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1657648.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848210.847406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858240.719692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3013                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.648682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         123985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        24.498123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.085997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.630662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   884.541470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1128.390552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.011050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.431905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.550972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3676                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3677                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2978                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3013                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60325769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2733653775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2793979544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8885780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8885780                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60325769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2742539555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     2802865324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60325769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2742539555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    2802865324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              6675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               6690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              6690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1723593.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 919493.365288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 928849.582447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1777156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1777156                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1723593.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 920933.362995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930257.326253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1723593.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 920933.362995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930257.326253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                467                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     467                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57252769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2472624375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2529877144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8446780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8446780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57252769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2481071155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2538323924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     57252769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2481071155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2538323924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1635793.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 831693.365288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841049.582447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1689356                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1689356                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1635793.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 833133.362995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842457.326253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1635793.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 833133.362995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842457.326253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1905                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.497281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         181253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        45.875221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          45.963497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.993490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   845.462552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1136.077741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.412824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.554725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                1905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3541                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3542                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1904                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75308119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1608348870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1683656989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2185533                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2185533                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75308119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1610534403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1685842522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75308119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1610534403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1685842522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            1905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2151660.542857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861923.295820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885669.115729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       728511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       728511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2151660.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861709.150883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885421.492647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2151660.542857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 861709.150883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885421.492647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               1079                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    1079                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72234278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1444467649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1516701927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1922133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1922133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72234278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1446389782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518624060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72234278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1446389782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518624060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2063836.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 774098.418542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797844.254077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       640711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       640711                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2063836.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 773884.313537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797596.670168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2063836.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 773884.313537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797596.670168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1888                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.498114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         181267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.077021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.293737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.025378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   842.556041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1138.622958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.411404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.555968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3547                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3548                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1887                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1573964061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652522981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2178220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2178220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1576142281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1654701201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78558920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1576142281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1654701201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              5417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               5435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              5435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850791.384324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877135.340234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 726073.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726073.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850589.466271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876895.178060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2310556.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 850589.466271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876895.178060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    1077                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1411502549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1487075371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1914820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1914820                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1413417369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488990191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75572822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1413417369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488990191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762974.350811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789318.137473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 638273.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 638273.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762772.460335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789078.002650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2222730.058824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 762772.460335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789078.002650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.428389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        60.780212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.428389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.287717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   446.399187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1533.313096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.217968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.748688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  2912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  2929                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     862367742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      862367742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103127254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    759240488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     862367742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2787223.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 816387.621505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 891797.044467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99878654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    677586488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    777465142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.242188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2699423.081081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 728587.621505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 803997.044467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3004                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.538157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         124007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        24.546120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.071401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.663578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   881.511367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1131.291810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.430425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.552389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 757                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3694                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3695                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3004                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66569112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2771945135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2838514247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9460108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9460108                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66569112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2781405243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     2847974355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66569112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2781405243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    2847974355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             757                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1901974.628571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 935204.161606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946486.911304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1892021.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1892021.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1901974.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936815.507915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948060.704061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1901974.628571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 936815.507915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948060.704061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                469                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     469                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63495215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2511621523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2575116738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9021108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9021108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63495215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2520642631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2584137846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63495215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2520642631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2584137846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1814149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 847375.682524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858658.465488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1804221.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1804221.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1814149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848987.076794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860232.305593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1814149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 848987.076794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860232.305593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3006                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.560825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         123973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        24.529679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.976137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    21.805328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   880.777831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1133.001528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.010647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.430067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.553223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3666                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3667                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                3002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2969                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3006                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54860476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2752585989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2807446465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5099841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5099841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54860476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2757685830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     2812546306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     54860476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2757685830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    2812546306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              6659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               6673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         6635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              6673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.447818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.447476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.447476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1482715.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 928359.524115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935192.026982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1274960.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1274960.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1482715.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 928826.483665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935644.147039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1482715.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 928826.483665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935644.147039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                474                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     474                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51611876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2492229089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2543840965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4748641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4748641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51611876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2496977730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2548589606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     51611876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2496977730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2548589606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.447818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.447476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.447476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1394915.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 840549.439798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847382.066955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1187160.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1187160.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1394915.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841016.412934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847834.200266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1394915.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841016.412934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847834.200266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1904                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.863582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         122335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3952                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        30.955213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.833383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.925718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   807.358501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1190.745979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.394218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.581419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3427                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3428                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1904                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51129547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1500374197                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1551503744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51129547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1500374197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1551503744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51129547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1500374197                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1551503744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.357089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.357089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1704318.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800626.572572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814865.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1704318.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800626.572572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814865.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1704318.233333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 800626.572572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814865.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48495236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1335816639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384311875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48495236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1335816639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384311875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     48495236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1335816639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384311875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1616507.866667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 712815.709178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727054.556197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1616507.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 712815.709178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727054.556197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1616507.866667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 712815.709178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727054.556197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1902                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.862065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         122351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        30.974937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.484402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.566445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   809.775506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1189.035712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.395398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.580584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 634                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3443                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3444                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1902                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49223890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1499698704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1548922594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49223890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1499698704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1548922594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49223890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1499698704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1548922594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             634                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1697375.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800693.381741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814365.191377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1697375.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800693.381741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814365.191377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1697375.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800693.381741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814365.191377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46667405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1334450059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381117464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46667405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1334450059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381117464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46667405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1334450059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381117464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1609220.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 712466.662573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726139.570978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1609220.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 712466.662573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726139.570978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1609220.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 712466.662573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726139.570978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1873                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.483648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         181250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        46.249043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.109501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.779167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   840.661695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1139.933285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.410479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.556608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1908                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1908                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3535                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3536                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1838                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1872                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67248214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1564166764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1631414978                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1537733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1537733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67248214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565704497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1632952711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67248214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1565704497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1632952711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              5390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1908                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1908                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               5408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         5373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              5408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1977888.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 852406.955858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872881.208133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 512577.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 512577.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1977888.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851852.283460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 872303.798611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1977888.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851852.283460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 872303.798611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               1071                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    1071                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64263014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403053764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1467316778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1274333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1274333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64263014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1404328097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1468591111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     64263014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1404328097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1468591111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.342081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1890088.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764606.955858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 785081.208133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 424777.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 424777.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1890088.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764052.283460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784503.798611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1890088.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764052.283460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784503.798611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.427071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        60.780212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.427071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.287699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   446.761761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1532.950541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.218145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.748511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  2912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  2929                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105613251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    754269052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     859882303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105613251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    754269052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      859882303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105613251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    754269052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     859882303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.242188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2854412.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 811041.991398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889226.786970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2854412.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 811041.991398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889226.786970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2854412.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 811041.991398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889226.786970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102363342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    672589442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    774952784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102363342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    672589442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    774952784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102363342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    672589442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    774952784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.242188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2766576.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 723214.453763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801398.949328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2766576.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 723214.453763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801398.949328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2766576.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 723214.453763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801398.949328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1902                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.841717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         122355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        30.975949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.483714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.566188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   808.482294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1190.309520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.394767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.581206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            629                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 629                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3452                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3453                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1873                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1902                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45997380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1498303505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1544300885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45997380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1498303505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1544300885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     45997380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1498303505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1544300885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          629                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             629                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.355182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.355182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1586116.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 799948.481046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811935.270768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1586116.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 799948.481046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811935.270768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1586116.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 799948.481046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811935.270768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43451180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1333831655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377282835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43451180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1333831655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377282835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     43451180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1333831655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1377282835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.351737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1498316.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 712136.494928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724123.467403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1498316.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 712136.494928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724123.467403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1498316.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 712136.494928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724123.467403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         2999                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.632971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         123995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        24.568060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.995284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.963310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   878.196593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1134.477784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.011213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.428807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.553944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 752                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3686                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3687                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                2995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 2999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                2999                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63470639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2696067606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2759538245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7144541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7144541                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63470639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2703212147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     2766682786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63470639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2703212147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    2766682786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              6672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             752                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               6686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         6649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              6686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.448891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.448549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.448549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1763073.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 911141.468739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921381.717863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1786135.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1786135.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1763073.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 912322.695579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922535.107036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1763073.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 912322.695579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922535.107036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                467                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     467                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            2999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           2999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60309464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2436235139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2496544603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      6793341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6793341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60309464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2443028480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2503337944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     60309464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2443028480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2503337944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.445631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1675262.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 823330.564042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 833570.819032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1698335.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698335.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1675262.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 824511.805602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834724.222741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1675262.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 824511.805602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834724.222741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1893                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.842269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         122293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        31.030957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.480385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    18.346412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   809.296900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1190.718572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.008958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.395165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.581406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            626                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 626                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3393                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3394                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1893                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44737921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512121826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1556859747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44737921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512121826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1556859747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44737921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1512121826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1556859747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              5281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             626                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               5287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              5287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.358455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.358048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.358048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1720689.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809920.635244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822429.871632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1720689.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809920.635244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822429.871632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1720689.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 809920.635244                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822429.871632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42454577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348148996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390603573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42454577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348148996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390603573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     42454577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1348148996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390603573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.355348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1632868.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722093.731119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734603.049657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1632868.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722093.731119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734603.049657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1632868.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 722093.731119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734603.049657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2990                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.543349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         124008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        24.614530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.081321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.451944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   878.981861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1133.028225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.429190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.553236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3699                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3700                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2990                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79401823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2742674201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2822076024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9483406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9483406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79401823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2752157607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2831559430                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79401823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2752157607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2831559430                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.446936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.446936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2145995.216216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 930350.814450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945419.103518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1896681.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1896681.200000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2145995.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931986.998645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947009.842809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2145995.216216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931986.998645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947009.842809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76152728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2483793855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559946583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9044406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9044406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76152728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2492838261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2568990989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76152728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2492838261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2568990989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2058181.837838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 842535.228969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857603.545394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1808881.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1808881.200000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2058181.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844171.439553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859194.310702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2058181.837838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844171.439553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859194.310702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              521.665242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1006902733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1907012.751894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.665242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1127408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1127408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1127408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1127408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     97725107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97725107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1127466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1127466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1684915.637931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64955019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64955019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1709342.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6631                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167288397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             24290.459852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   226.770108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    29.229892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.885821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.114179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       778940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        778940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       643880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1422820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1422820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1422820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1422820                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        17509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        17509                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7687264458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7687264458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     81267356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81267356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7768531814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7768531814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   7768531814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7768531814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       796359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       796359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       643970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       643970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1844                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1440329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1440329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1440329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 441314.912337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441314.912337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 902970.622222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 902970.622222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443687.921298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443687.921298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 443687.921298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443687.921298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3017467344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3017467344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      9340310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9340310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3026807654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3026807654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3026807654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3026807654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456017.431464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456017.431464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 622687.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 622687.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456394.398975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456394.398975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 456394.398975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456394.398975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              521.271687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1006905773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1914269.530418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.271687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1130448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1130448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1130448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1130448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1130448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1130448                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96502358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96502358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96502358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96502358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96502358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96502358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1130504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1130504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1130504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1130504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1130504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1130504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1723256.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1723256.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1723256.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1723256.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1723256.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1723256.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60686001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60686001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60686001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60686001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     60686001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60686001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1685722.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685722.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1685722.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685722.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1685722.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685722.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167292859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             24210.254559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   226.822387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    29.177613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.886025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.113975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       781450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        781450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       645829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645829                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1508                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1508                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1427279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1427279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1427279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1427279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7629793696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7629793696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     84035994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84035994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7713829690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7713829690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7713829690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7713829690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       798883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       798883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       645921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1508                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1444804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1444804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1444804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1444804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 437663.838467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437663.838467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 913434.717391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 913434.717391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440161.465906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440161.465906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440161.465906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440161.465906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10871                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2999265073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2999265073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9568280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9568280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3008833353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3008833353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3008833353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3008833353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 451764.583973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451764.583973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 637885.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 637885.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 452184.152840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452184.152840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 452184.152840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452184.152840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              509.634988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1002477449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1935284.650579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    27.634988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.044287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1153298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1153298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1153298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1153298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127963359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    127963359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127963359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    127963359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    127963359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    127963359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1153352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1153352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2369691.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2369691.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2369691.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2369691.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2369691.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2369691.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75673995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75673995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75673995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75673995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75673995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75673995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102055.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102055.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102055.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102055.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2102055.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102055.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158488286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             27971.811860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   226.514677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    29.485323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.884823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.115177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       812409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        812409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       684608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       684608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1497017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1497017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1497017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1497017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7999176602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7999176602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    447436200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    447436200                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8446612802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8446612802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8446612802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8446612802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       830922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       830922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       685257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685257                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1573                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1516179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1516179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1516179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1516179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.022280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 432084.297629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432084.297629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 689424.036980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 689424.036980                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440800.167102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440800.167102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440800.167102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440800.167102                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6628192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 662819.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13752                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1855736523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1855736523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3176835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3176835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1858913358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858913358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1858913358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858913358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 344164.785423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344164.785423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 176490.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176490.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343606.905360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343606.905360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 343606.905360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343606.905360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              509.837025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1002480679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1939034.195358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    27.837025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.044611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1156528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1156528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1156528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    123641953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123641953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2575874.020833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78922253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78922253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254921.514286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158490831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             28021.716938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   226.481950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    29.518050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.884695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.115305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       813914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       685700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1499614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1499614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          633                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        18996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        18996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7823336984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7823336984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    399948231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    399948231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8223285215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8223285215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8223285215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8223285215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       832277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       832277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       686333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686333                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1602                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1575                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1518610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1518610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000922                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 426038.064804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426038.064804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 631829.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631829.748815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432895.620920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432895.620920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 432895.620920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432895.620920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7154041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 794893.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1821623792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1821623792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3177346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3177346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1824801138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824801138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1824801138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1824801138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338465.959123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338465.959123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 176519.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176519.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337926.136667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337926.136667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337926.136667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337926.136667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              487.182978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1004354443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2033106.159919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    32.182978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.051575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1255003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1255003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1255003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158224220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158224220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1255060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1255060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2775863.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1255573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 313893.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    103565315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103565315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2655520.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              148981539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36222.110139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   219.751739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    36.248261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.858405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.141595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       999857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       741857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1741714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1741714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1741714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         9859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         9859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2244542158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2244542158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      5782193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5782193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2250324351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2250324351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2250324351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2250324351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1009649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       741924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741924                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1751573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1751573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1751573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1751573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 229222.034109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229222.034109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86301.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86301.388060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228250.770971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         6002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    956394891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    956394891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1178355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178355                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    957573246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    957573246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    957573246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957573246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249061.169531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249061.169531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        69315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69315                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248268.925590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              521.681330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1006901559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1914261.519011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    31.681330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.050771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1126234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1126234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1126234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1126234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1126234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1126234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94959716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94959716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94959716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94959716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     94959716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94959716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1126290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1126290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1126290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1126290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1126290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1126290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1695709.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1695709.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1695709.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1695709.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1695709.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1695709.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66925739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66925739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66925739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66925739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     66925739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66925739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1859048.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859048.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1859048.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859048.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1859048.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859048.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6663                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167288731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             24178.166064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.101268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.898732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.887114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.112886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       778847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        778847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       644293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1423140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1423140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1423140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1423140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        17566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        17566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        17566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7771141841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7771141841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     89274418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89274418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7860416259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7860416259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7860416259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7860416259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       796321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       796321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       644385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1854                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1505                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1440706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1440706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1440706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1440706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 444725.983805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444725.983805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 970374.108696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970374.108696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 447479.008255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447479.008255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 447479.008255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447479.008255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             757                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        10903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3038824789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3038824789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10147970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10147970                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3048972759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048972759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3048972759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048972759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457103.608454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457103.608454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 676531.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 676531.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457597.592526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457597.592526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 457597.592526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 457597.592526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              520.166780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1006903283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1907013.793561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.166780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1127958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1127958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1127958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1127958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1127958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1127958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82750313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82750313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82750313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82750313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     82750313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82750313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1128014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1128014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1128014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1128014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1128014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1128014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1477684.160714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1477684.160714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1477684.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1477684.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1477684.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1477684.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55238336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55238336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55238336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55238336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55238336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55238336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1453640.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453640.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1453640.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453640.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1453640.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1453640.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 6634                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              167288143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6890                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             24279.846589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.729246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.270754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.885661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.114339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       778637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        778637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       643915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       643915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1422552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1422552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1422552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1422552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        17472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        17472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7721226871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7721226871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     57187742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57187742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7778414613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7778414613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7778414613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7778414613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       796019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       796019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       644005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       644005                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1857                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1440024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1440024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1440024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1440024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 444208.196468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444208.196468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 635419.355556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 635419.355556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 445193.144059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445193.144059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 445193.144059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445193.144059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         6635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3016291130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3016291130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5790661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5790661                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3022081791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3022081791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3022081791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3022081791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 455564.284851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455564.284851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 413618.642857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 413618.642857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 455475.778598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455475.778598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 455475.778598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455475.778598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              551.872293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              921321616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1651114.007168                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.097092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.775201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1176584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1176584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62854194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62854194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62854194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62854194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62854194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62854194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1461725.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1461725.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1461725.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1461725.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1461725.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1461725.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51459329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51459329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51459329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51459329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     51459329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51459329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1659978.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659978.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1659978.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659978.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1659978.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1659978.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205429664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             36967.727911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   193.785822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    62.214178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.756976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.243024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1749821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1749821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2070334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2070334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2070334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2070334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8454931077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8454931077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2251321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2251321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8457182398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8457182398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8457182398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8457182398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1768434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1768434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2088973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2088973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 454248.701284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 454248.701284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86589.269231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86589.269231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453735.844090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453735.844090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453735.844090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453735.844090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13338                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1740089738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740089738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       389518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1740479256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740479256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1740479256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740479256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328628.845703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328628.845703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64919.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64919.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328330.363328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328330.363328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328330.363328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328330.363328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              551.872836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              921321740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1654078.527828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.699852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.172984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1176708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1176708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1176708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1176708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1176708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59324425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59324425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59324425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59324425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     59324425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59324425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1176750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1176750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1176750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412486.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1412486.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412486.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1412486.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412486.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1412486.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49575701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49575701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49575701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49575701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49575701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49575701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1652523.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1652523.366667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1652523.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1652523.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1652523.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1652523.366667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205429751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5572                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             36868.225233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   192.878096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    63.121904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.753430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.246570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1749433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1749433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       320984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320984                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2070417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2070417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2070417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2070417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18715                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8372293902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8372293902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2151168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2151168                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8374445070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8374445070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8374445070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8374445070                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1768122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1768122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       321010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       321010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          761                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          753                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2089132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2089132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2089132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2089132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 447979.768955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447979.768955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 82737.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82737.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 447472.352124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447472.352124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 447472.352124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447472.352124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             634                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13399                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1740533120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740533120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1740917720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740917720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1740917720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740917720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327784.015066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327784.015066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327486.403311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327486.403311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327486.403311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327486.403311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.246832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1002479274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1939031.477756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.246832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.045267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1155123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1155123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1155123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1155123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1155123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1155123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105525145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105525145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105525145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105525145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105525145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105525145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1155173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1155173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1155173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2110502.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2110502.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2110502.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2110502.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2110502.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2110502.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67612718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67612718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67612718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67612718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     67612718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67612718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931791.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931791.942857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931791.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931791.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1931791.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1931791.942857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 5373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              158490773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 5629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             28156.115296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   226.496378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    29.503622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.884751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.115249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       814009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        814009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       685554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1596                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1596                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1499563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1499563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499563                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        18435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        19067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        19067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        19067                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7890312186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7890312186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    358429539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    358429539                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8248741725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8248741725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8248741725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8248741725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       832444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       832444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       686186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1596                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1596                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1518630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1518630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000921                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 428007.170382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 428007.170382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 567135.346519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 567135.346519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432618.750983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432618.750983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432618.750983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432618.750983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5134594                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 513459.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        13694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         5373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1810896451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1810896451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      2529067                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2529067                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1813425518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813425518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1813425518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813425518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338169.271895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338169.271895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 140503.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140503.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 337507.075749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337507.075749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 337507.075749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337507.075749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.186555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1004355430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2033108.157895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.186555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1255990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1255990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    160436306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160436306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    160436306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160436306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    160436306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160436306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1256046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1256046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1256046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2864934.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2864934.035714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2864934.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2864934.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2864934.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2864934.035714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       622856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 207618.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106067390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106067390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106067390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106067390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106067390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106067390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2719676.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2719676.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2719676.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2719676.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2719676.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2719676.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148982881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36222.436421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   219.722926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    36.277074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.858293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.141707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1000633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       742423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1743056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1743056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1743056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1743056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2237793193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2237793193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5790436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5790436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2243583629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2243583629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2243583629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2243583629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1010426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       742490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1752916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1752916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 228509.465230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228509.465230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86424.417910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86424.417910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227543.978600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227543.978600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227543.978600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227543.978600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    951423609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    951423609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1180158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1180158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    952603767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    952603767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    952603767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    952603767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 247766.564844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247766.564844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69421.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69421.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 246980.494426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246980.494426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 246980.494426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246980.494426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              551.874795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              921321280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1654077.701975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.701799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.172995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.041189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1176248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1176248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1176248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1176248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1176248                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53044380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53044380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53044380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53044380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53044380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53044380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1176288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1176288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1176288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1326109.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1326109.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1326109.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1326109.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1326109.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1326109.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46349785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46349785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46349785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46349785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     46349785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46349785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544992.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544992.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544992.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544992.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1544992.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1544992.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              205429456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36808.718151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   193.288923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    62.711077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.755035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.244965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1749597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1749597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       320530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2070127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        2070127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      2070127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       2070127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8362451509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8362451509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2279394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2279394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8364730903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8364730903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8364730903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8364730903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1768281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1768281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       320556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          752                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2088837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      2088837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447572.870317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447572.870317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        87669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        87669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447072.736665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 447072.736665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447072.736665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 447072.736665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1739645672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1739645672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       393752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       393752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1740039424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740039424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1740039424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1740039424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327062.544087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327062.544087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 65625.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65625.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 326767.966948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326767.966948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 326767.966948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326767.966948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              521.579605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1006906353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1910638.240987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    31.579605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.050608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1131028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1131028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1131028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1131028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1131028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1131028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100260347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100260347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100260347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100260347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    100260347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100260347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1131081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1131081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1131081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1131081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1131081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1131081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1891704.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1891704.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1891704.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1891704.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1891704.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1891704.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63841929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63841929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63841929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63841929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     63841929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63841929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1725457.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1725457.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1725457.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1725457.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1725457.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1725457.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 6649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167293253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 6905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             24227.842578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   226.751591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    29.248409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.885748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.114252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       781704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        781704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       645935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       645935                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1427639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1427639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1427639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1427639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        17511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        17511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7531025285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7531025285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     68579119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68579119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7599604404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7599604404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7599604404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7599604404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       799126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       799126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       646024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       646024                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1509                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1445150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1445150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1445150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1445150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432270.995580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432270.995580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 770551.898876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 770551.898876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 433990.314888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433990.314888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 433990.314888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433990.314888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             752                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         6649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2962286712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962286712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7818741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7818741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2970105453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970105453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2970105453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970105453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446463.709420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446463.709420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 558481.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 558481.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446699.571815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446699.571815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 446699.571815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 446699.571815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              550.229311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              921320898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1663034.111913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.056079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.173233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.038551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1175866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1175866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1175866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1175866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57964268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57964268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57964268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57964268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     57964268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57964268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1175906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1175906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1175906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1175906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1449106.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1449106.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1449106.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1449106.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1449106.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1449106.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45038921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45038921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45038921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45038921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     45038921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45038921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1668108.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668108.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1668108.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668108.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1668108.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1668108.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 5260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              205427176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 5516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             37242.055112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   192.555767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    63.444233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.752171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.247829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1747337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1747337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2067848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        2067848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      2067848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       2067848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8488311103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8488311103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2152466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2152466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8490463569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8490463569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8490463569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8490463569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1765920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1765920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          757                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2086457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2086457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      2086457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2086457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456778.297530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 456778.297530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82787.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82787.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456255.767048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 456255.767048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 456255.767048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 456255.767048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             626                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        13349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13349                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1749631515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749631515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1750016115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1750016115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1750016115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1750016115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 333009.424248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333009.424248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 332702.683460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332702.683460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 332702.683460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332702.683460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              522.099567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006903394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1907014.003788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.099567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123581578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123581578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123581578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123581578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123581578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123581578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130716.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2130716.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130716.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2130716.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2130716.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2130716.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79777794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79777794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79777794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79777794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79777794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79777794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2099415.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099415.631579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2099415.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099415.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2099415.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2099415.631579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167290914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             24216.982339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.785633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.214367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.885881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.114119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       780361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       644964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1425325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1425325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7601533258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7601533258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89255338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89255338                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690788596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7690788596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690788596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7690788596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       797798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       645056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1442854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1442854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435942.722831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435942.722831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 970166.717391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 970166.717391                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438746.568315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438746.568315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438746.568315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438746.568315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3009703850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3009703850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10165906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10165906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3019869756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019869756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3019869756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019869756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453473.534730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453473.534730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 677727.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677727.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453979.217679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453979.217679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453979.217679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453979.217679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
