
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 382439                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   500646                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67752808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30652.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11722547320                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15345830464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        68480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        68096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        19456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        14720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        68736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               484736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       233600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            233600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3787                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     60707514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     60367098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17247742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13049279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21786622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               429718419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38580476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         207086378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              207086378                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         207086378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     60707514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     60367098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17247742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13049279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21786622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              636804797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         148562                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60249                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          701                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1435731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts               878838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            148562                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        70735                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              180072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         51617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       178114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines           90178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      1828719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1648647     90.15%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9433      0.52%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          14921      0.82%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22285      1.22%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9531      0.52%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11303      0.62%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11658      0.64%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8391      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92550      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      1828719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.054919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.324880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1416612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       197906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          178577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        24065                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1065642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1420478                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         53117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       130476                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          175898                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1062592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1451448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      4953336                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      4953336                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1181391                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         270057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           34807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       109290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        59574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        11495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1058394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued          982005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404591                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1828719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.536991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1409348     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       170921      9.35%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        93676      5.12%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61733      3.38%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56086      3.07%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17466      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12319      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4415      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2755      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1828719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1025     42.11%     54.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1116     45.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       807846     82.26%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18028      1.84%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        97939      9.97%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58084      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total       982005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.363018                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2434                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002479                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3797158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1231679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       963212                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses       984439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          788                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         41453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1475                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1058642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          783                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8517                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10131                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts       967291                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92729                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             150684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         130905                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            57955                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.357579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               963349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              963212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          570169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1447168                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.356071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.393990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       708299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       863927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1794249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1443743     80.47%     80.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166915      9.30%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69420      3.87%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35561      1.98%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26370      1.47%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15112      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9443      0.53%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7689      0.43%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19996      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1794249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       708299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       863927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               138894                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads               83936                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           120028                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          781000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        16847                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        19996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            2833638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2153279                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 26458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                876394                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            708299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              863927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       708299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.819168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.819168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.261837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.261837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4391441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1315221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1009098                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         189150                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16461                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122235                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117421                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11663                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959985                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1072246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            189150                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       129084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              237818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         53471                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        75372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          119881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16059                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2072279     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          35055      1.52%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18729      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          34237      1.48%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          11802      0.51%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          31676      1.37%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5222      0.23%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8998      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          92099      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2310097                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.069923                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.396378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1933795                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       102239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          237203                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          282                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36577                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        18956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1207900                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1362                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36577                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1937064                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         63219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        29344                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          234034                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9858                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1205338                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         7950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1590727                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5473174                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5473174                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1267075                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         323641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           21078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       209243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        36310                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          323                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1197346                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1112889                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228916                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482697                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1823351     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156974      6.80%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158221      6.85%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92684      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49787      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13149      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15280      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          360      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          291      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2027     57.63%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          832     23.66%     81.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          658     18.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       878177     78.91%     78.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9137      0.82%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189564     17.03%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35928      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1112889                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.411402                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3517                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4540472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1426435                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1083066                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1116406                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          944                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36577                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         50496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          985                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1197511                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           59                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36310                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        17425                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1096716                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             222177                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         165841                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            35919                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.405423                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1083428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1083066                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          654635                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1457832                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.400377                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.449047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       853398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       966320                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231243                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2273520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1911169     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144088      6.34%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91116      4.01%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28512      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46933      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9659      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6214      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5479      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30350      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2273520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       853398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       966320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               199982                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              164752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           148090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          845644                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3440733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2431733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 44364                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                395016                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            853398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              966320                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       853398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.169814                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.169814                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5083345                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1420439                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1267147                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         210659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172532                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21975                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21239                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1178409                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            210659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       102002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              244759                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         61070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       111269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          124457                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2406686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2161927     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11228      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17824      0.74%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23874      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25120      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21388      0.89%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11490      0.48%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17588      0.73%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         116247      4.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2406686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.435623                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1991359                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       132224                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          244097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        34327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1444492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1997347                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         15935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       103269                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          238484                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13038                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1442787                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2013692                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6709173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6709173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1714932                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         298760                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           40497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       136042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        72351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        27276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          339                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431216                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2406686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825289     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245312     10.19%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122578      5.09%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86403      3.59%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69304      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28888      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18195      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9475      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2406686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.49%     49.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1234     50.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141303     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20229      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123069      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71995      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356764                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.501555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2431                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001792                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5122984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1616977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24606                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        38609                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         12946                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1155                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439727                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          972                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115688                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19895                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             187661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         189514                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71973                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.494201                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1334819                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1334728                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          767564                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2069215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.493409                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230237                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209501                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2368077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.353089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856100     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257183     10.86%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93925      3.97%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44963      1.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42308      1.79%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22079      0.93%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8464      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26555      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2368077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       999832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1230237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               182321                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              111436                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           177359                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1108441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26555                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3781247                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2918091                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                298427                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            999832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1230237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       999832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.705568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.705568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.369608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.369608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6015492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1860782                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1338274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         201008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21489                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80956                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1148626                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            201008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        96562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              250997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       186445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          120151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21311                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2400049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2149052     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          26632      1.11%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          30946      1.29%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          16915      0.70%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          19210      0.80%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11071      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7543      0.31%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          19731      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         118949      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2400049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.074307                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424613                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1906687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       202814                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          248782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1981                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        32528                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1401949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1910145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19911                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       174139                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          247273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1400040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1948078                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6517500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6517500                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1627927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         320117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           26113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       134534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        71845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        15767                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1395696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2400049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1850067     77.08%     77.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220241      9.18%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119074      4.96%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82348      3.43%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72123      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36847      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9134      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5865      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4350      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2400049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1392     46.15%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     43.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096138     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20399      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120945      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71178      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308819                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483832                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5022607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1591569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1284383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1311835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15724                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1396058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24356                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             184111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         179191                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71140                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.475874                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1284475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1284383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          764558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2005488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.474798                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955780                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21450                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2360269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1881027     79.70%     79.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222402      9.42%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93554      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55327      2.34%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38546      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25154      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13329      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10362      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20568      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2360269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       955780                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1172497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               177383                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              107708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           167795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1057064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23848                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        20568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3735752                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2831909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 31428                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                305064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            955780                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1172497                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       955780                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.830267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.830267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.353324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.353324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5804144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1786208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1305691                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2702400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         149048                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121450                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60299                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56040                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          698                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1439178                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts               880847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            149048                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        70722                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              180327                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         51780                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       178366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1729                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines           90414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      1834509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1654182     90.17%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9465      0.52%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          14872      0.81%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          22363      1.22%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4           9495      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          11288      0.62%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11594      0.63%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8311      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8          92939      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      1834509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.055154                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.325950                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1421709                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       198262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          178807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1163                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        34563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        24158                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1067702                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1384                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        34563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1425621                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         53660                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       132082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          176116                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1064730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         6414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1000                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1454504                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      4962138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      4962138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1183411                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         271016                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           35190                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       109251                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        59768                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3063                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11741                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1060567                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          246                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued          984937                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1921                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173489                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401701                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1834509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.536894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1413849     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171543      9.35%     86.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        93903      5.12%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61868      3.37%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56256      3.07%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17488      0.95%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12459      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4378      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2765      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1834509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1012     41.84%     53.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     46.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       810159     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18043      1.83%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98386      9.99%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58241      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total       984937                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.364468                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002456                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3808723                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1234383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       965597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses       987356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4653                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4717                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          799                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        34563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         37747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1542                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1060817                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109251                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59768                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          136                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10308                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        18803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts       969809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93058                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15128                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             151154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         131393                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            58096                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.358870                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent               965724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count              965597                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          571595                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1449994                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.357311                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.394205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps       865423                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196115                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        16492                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1799946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1448730     80.49%     80.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167441      9.30%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69425      3.86%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35622      1.98%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26360      1.46%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15163      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9461      0.53%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7707      0.43%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20037      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1799946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       709478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps       865423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               139124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads               84084                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           120270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          782355                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        16890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        20037                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            2841434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2157733                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 26538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                867891                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            709478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps              865423                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       709478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.808998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.808998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.262536                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.262536                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        4402071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1318574                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1011398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         201262                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21528                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81102                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76367                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924893                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1149839                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            201262                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96745                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              251350                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         61988                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       181512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          120225                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21277                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2397883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2146533     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          26685      1.11%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          31021      1.29%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          16950      0.71%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          19248      0.80%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11088      0.46%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           7477      0.31%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          19762      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         119119      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2397883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.074401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.425061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1909317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       197665                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          249125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1991                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        32583                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1403678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1912785                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         20639                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       168320                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          247691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8663                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1401761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1950982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6526340                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6526340                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1631195                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         319739                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           25710                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       134636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        71947                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        15797                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311100                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1906                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195272                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2397883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241971                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1846993     77.03%     77.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220573      9.20%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119304      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82445      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72251      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36920      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9155      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5886      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4356      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2397883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1391     46.14%     56.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     43.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098112     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20443      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121097      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71289      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311100                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.484675                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3015                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5025001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1593512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3121                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26728                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2159                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         16605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398204                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71947                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          720                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12569                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289520                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113095                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             184346                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         179546                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            71251                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.476697                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1286774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1286682                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          765993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2009512                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.475648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223403                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21489                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2358103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1877938     79.64%     79.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222812      9.45%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93745      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55436      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38625      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25202      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13355      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10383      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20607      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2358103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       957647                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1174787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               177693                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              107905                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           168136                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1059107                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23891                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3735686                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2836191                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31406                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                307230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            957647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1174787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       957647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.824750                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.824750                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5814489                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1789593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1307152                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         188691                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16434                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122134                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117160                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11569                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          557                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955656                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1069250                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            188691                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       128729                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              237211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         53401                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        80519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          119616                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2310264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2073053     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          35249      1.53%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18582      0.80%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          34144      1.48%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11628      0.50%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          31540      1.37%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           5126      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9022      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          91920      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2310264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.069753                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.395270                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1929390                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       107456                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          236623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        18949                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          346                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1204333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1369                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1932646                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         71293                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        26530                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          233437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1201792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          986                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         7955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1585617                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      5456413                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      5456413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1262762                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         322850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          165                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           20934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       209036                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        36087                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          281                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8190                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1193933                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1109347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1074                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228683                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2310264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099179                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825121     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156263      6.76%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       157843      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92292      3.99%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        49888      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13129      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15067      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          365      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          296      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2310264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2039     57.84%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     23.63%     81.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          653     18.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       875497     78.92%     78.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9083      0.82%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           82      0.01%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189004     17.04%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35681      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1109347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.410093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3525                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003178                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4533557                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1422790                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1079618                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1112872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1073                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        36533                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         59319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1194098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           56                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209036                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36087                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        17376                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1093113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             221444                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         165462                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            35672                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.404091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1079956                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1079618                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          652799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1451555                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.399103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.449724                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       850828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       963087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16172                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2273731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288128                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1912819     84.13%     84.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143419      6.31%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90743      3.99%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28422      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46765      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9581      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6225      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5455      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30302      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2273731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       850828                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       963087                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               199452                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              164438                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           147613                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          842712                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        12442                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        30302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3437582                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2424866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 44350                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                394849                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            850828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              963087                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       850828                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.179389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.179389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.314526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.314526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5066685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1415698                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1263631                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         210523                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21958                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86365                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80710                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21217                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009689                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1177578                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            210523                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       101927                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              244588                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         61025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       117379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          124365                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21793                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2166550     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11221      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17817      0.74%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23853      0.99%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          25111      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          21372      0.89%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11473      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          17574      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         116167      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2411138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077824                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.435316                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1989900                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       138337                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          243920                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        38581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        34308                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1443436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        38581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1995887                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         14328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       111000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          238309                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        13029                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1441702                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1779                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5697                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2012172                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6704046                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6704046                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1713586                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         298585                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           40511                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       135930                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        72293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        27238                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1438254                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1355696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          346                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430855                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830160     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245135     10.17%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122526      5.08%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86323      3.58%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69236      2.87%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28868      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18209      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9446      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1235      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.49%     49.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1234     50.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1140420     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20201      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122966      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71941      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1355696                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.501161                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2431                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001793                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5125307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1615714                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1333692                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1358127                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1462                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        38581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         11359                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1156                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1438609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135930                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12068                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12926                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24994                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1335833                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115605                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             187524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         189387                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            71919                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.493818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1333783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1333692                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          766949                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2067557                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.493026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999056                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1229277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22014                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518123                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860956     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257000     10.83%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93859      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44937      1.89%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42280      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22051      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16481      0.69%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8457      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26536      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       999056                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1229277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               182180                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              111349                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           177239                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1107560                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25307                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26536                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3784628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2915827                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32131                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                293975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            999056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1229277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       999056                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.707669                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.707669                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.369321                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.369321                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6010788                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1859312                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1337320                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         201382                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165095                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81094                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76359                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1925669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1150555                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            201382                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        96734                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              251439                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         62114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       188193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          120345                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21341                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2405489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.926665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2154050     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          26675      1.11%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          31019      1.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          16949      0.70%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          19245      0.80%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11087      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7547      0.31%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          19759      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         119158      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2405489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.074445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.425326                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1909834                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       204600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          249214                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        32581                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1404385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1913291                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         16903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       178928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          247721                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1402520                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1951683                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6529024                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6529024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1631026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         320657                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           26127                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       134741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        71920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1692                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        15831                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1311196                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195774                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457466                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2405489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240386                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854570     77.10%     77.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220548      9.17%     86.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119297      4.96%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82526      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72253      3.00%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36905      1.53%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9152      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5877      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4361      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2405489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           322     10.75%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1385     46.24%     56.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1288     43.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1098175     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20440      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121143      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71279      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1311196                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.484710                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002284                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5032779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1594366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286723                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3131                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26846                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2138                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        39840                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         12709                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11828                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             184384                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         179527                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            71239                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.476736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1286816                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1286723                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          765973                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2009356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.475663                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381203                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        21485                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2365649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1885527     79.70%     79.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222794      9.42%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93733      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55439      2.34%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38592      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25233      1.07%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13352      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10382      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20597      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2365649                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       957556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1174672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               177677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              107895                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           168119                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1059004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23889                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        20597                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3743623                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2836985                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 31471                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                299624                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            957556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1174672                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       957556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.825018                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.825018                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.353980                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.353980                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5814599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1789573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1307847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         209826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       171809                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22334                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85047                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80372                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21182                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1024                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2013149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1175023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            209826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       101554                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              243966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         61942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       103671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          124848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2400114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601489                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2156148     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11360      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17639      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          23682      0.99%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          25067      1.04%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          21121      0.88%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          11390      0.47%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17911      0.75%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         115796      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2400114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.434371                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1992641                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       124623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          243337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          392                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        34232                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1440316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1998505                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         13859                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        97885                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          237872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12870                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1438853                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         5657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2008420                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6689770                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6689770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1707909                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         300499                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       135670                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        72070                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          828                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        27935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1435845                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1352926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       433010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2400114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1820415     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       244238     10.18%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122377      5.10%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86620      3.61%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69158      2.88%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28355      1.18%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18277      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9387      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1287      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2400114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.84%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.81%     49.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     50.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1138370     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20150      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122527      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71711      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1352926                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.500137                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2437                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001801                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5108711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1614251                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1330505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1355363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2680                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24699                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1177                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1436200                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135670                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72070                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12265                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1332711                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115208                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             186900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         188759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            71692                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.492664                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1330599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1330505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          765137                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2061941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.491848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371076                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       995757                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1225187                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2360995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518928                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1851146     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256195     10.85%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93560      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44662      1.89%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41885      1.77%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22117      0.94%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16562      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8555      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26313      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2360995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       995757                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1225187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               181560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              110968                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           176635                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1103906                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        25230                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3770874                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2911544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 32439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                304999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            995757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1225187                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       995757                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.716640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.716640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.368102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.368102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5995872                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1855073                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1334184                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         202019                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21588                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81345                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76600                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20454                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          948                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1932197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1154438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            202019                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        97054                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              252265                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         62302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       172653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          120748                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2397422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2145157     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          26764      1.12%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          31110      1.30%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          17004      0.71%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          19294      0.80%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11126      0.46%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7580      0.32%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          19835      0.83%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         119552      4.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2397422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.074680                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.426761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1916327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       189102                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          250034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        32691                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          350                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1409043                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1934                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1919802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         17838                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       162445                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          248524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1407137                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4356                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1957925                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6550582                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6550582                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1636317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         321547                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          363                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           26243                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       135230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        72205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        15855                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1315561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1918                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2397422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243712                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1844643     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221313      9.23%     86.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119712      4.99%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82775      3.45%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72495      3.02%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37030      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9182      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5899      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4373      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2397422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           324     10.68%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1402     46.22%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1307     43.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1101741     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20534      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121587      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71540      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1315561                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.486324                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3033                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002305                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5033495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1599549                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1290983                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3135                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2168                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         13607                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1057                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1403169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       135230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          204                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          729                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113562                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21651                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             185064                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         180104                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            71502                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.478320                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1291075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1290983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          768498                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2015739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.477238                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       960726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1178567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21550                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2357464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.315419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1875778     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       223490      9.48%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        94074      3.99%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55608      2.36%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38735      1.64%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25287      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13396      0.57%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10414      0.44%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20682      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2357464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       960726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1178567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               178305                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              108277                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           168659                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1062550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        23975                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3739900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2846257                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31575                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                307691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            960726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1178567                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       960726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.815697                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.815697                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.355152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.355152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5834029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1795351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1312308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         210426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172315                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22399                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        85305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80638                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21254                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1178176                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            210426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       101892                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              244661                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       108359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles          629                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          125222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22247                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2412425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2167764     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11397      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17707      0.73%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23757      0.98%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          25151      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          21182      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11430      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          17958      0.74%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         116079      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2412425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077788                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.435537                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1999466                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       129333                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          244051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39194                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        34326                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1444224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39194                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2005335                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         13790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       102635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          238575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1442851                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2013975                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6708488                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6708488                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1713207                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         300768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           40580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       136045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        72290                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          832                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        28056                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439949                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1357071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       178248                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432945                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2412425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.251614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1830902     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245035     10.16%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122777      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86857      3.60%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69371      2.88%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28457      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18329      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9408      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1289      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2412425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           313     12.83%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          897     36.78%     49.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1229     50.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141868     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20210      1.49%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       122894      9.06%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71931      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1357071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.501669                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2439                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5129315                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1618564                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39194                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         10769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1172                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1440304                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72290                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          994                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12308                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13141                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25449                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1336782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             187467                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         189349                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            71912                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.494169                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1334669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1334575                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          767469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2068448                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.493353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371036                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       998839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1228993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211324                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        22456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2373231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517856                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1861780     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       256995     10.83%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93870      3.96%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44799      1.89%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42020      1.77%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22185      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16610      0.70%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8580      0.36%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26392      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2373231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       998839                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1228993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               182127                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              111315                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           177195                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1107306                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        25300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        26392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3787143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2919835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 32521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                292688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            998839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1228993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       998839                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.708257                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.708257                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.369241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.369241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6014157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1860744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1337807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         235193                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91369                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24782                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1042                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2036336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1289779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            235193                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       108489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              267818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       169871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           89                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          128105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2520992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2253174     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          16126      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20479      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          32789      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13429      0.53%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          17496      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          20347      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9573      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         137579      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2520992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2029274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       183209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          266504                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        35472                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1575942                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2031798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          6392                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       170672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          264105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1565953                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2188054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7277776                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7277776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1794648                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         393401                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22839                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       148338                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        75540                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        17129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1526932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1452830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2046                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207216                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       439412                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2520992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1906926     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       279121     11.07%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114295      4.53%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64770      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86508      3.43%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27579      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26786      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13890      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1117      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2520992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10237     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1434     11.04%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1317     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1224118     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19628      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          178      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133701      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75205      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1452830                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.537068                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008940                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5441686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1734542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1412709                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1465818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31677                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1440                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4788                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1527307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148338                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75540                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12958                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13305                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26263                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1426002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130890                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26828                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             206069                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         201002                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            75179                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.527151                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1412744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1412709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          846240                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2276107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522237                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1043929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1286288                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241019                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        23056                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2479153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1934334     78.02%     78.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       276504     11.15%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100233      4.04%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49632      2.00%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45537      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19246      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19102      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9088      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25477      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2479153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1043929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1286288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190758                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              116658                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           186430                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1158075                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        25477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3980970                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3096464                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                184121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1043929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1286288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1043929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.591281                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.591281                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385910                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385910                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6413855                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1976383                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1455308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2703711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         190219                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168568                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122674                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117834                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1969091                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1077924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            190219                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       129609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              239073                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         53750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        72000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120451                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2317265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.526002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.778365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2078192     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          35159      1.52%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18895      0.82%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          34343      1.48%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11923      0.51%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          31747      1.37%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5254      0.23%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9058      0.39%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92694      4.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2317265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070355                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398683                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1942823                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        98951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          238457                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1214836                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1946095                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         59992                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        29262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          235275                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9886                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1212265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1600463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5505377                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5505377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1274899                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         325446                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21207                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       209899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        36632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8318                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1204219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1119350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1093                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       230034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484885                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2317265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827733     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       158135      6.82%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158800      6.85%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93117      4.02%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50162      2.16%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13239      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15426      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2317265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2048     57.69%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          840     23.66%     81.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883624     78.94%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9237      0.83%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       190160     16.99%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36246      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1119350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.414005                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3550                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4560608                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1434426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1089348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1122900                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          955                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         45686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1204384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           67                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1103039                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             223073                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         166783                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            36237                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.407972                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1089714                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1089348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          658280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1468074                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.402908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.448397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       857933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       971944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2280511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915800     84.01%     84.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       145188      6.37%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91658      4.02%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28716      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47149      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9742      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6277      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5524      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30457      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2280511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       857933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       971944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               200793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              165264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           148930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          850698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12645                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        30457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3454377                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2445543                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 44534                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                386446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            857933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              971944                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       857933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.151424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.151424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.317317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.317317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5111721                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1429157                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1273555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         148843                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56179                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1441150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               880527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            148843                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        70875                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              180387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         51891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       169615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           90515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1645745     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9449      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          14897      0.82%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22383      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9496      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11361      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11583      0.63%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8361      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          92857      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1826132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.055023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.325505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1421942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       189493                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          178922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        24155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1067844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1425786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         51263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       124365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          176235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1064747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1454276                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      4963653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      4963653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1183412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         270787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       109582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        59731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1060618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued          984591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1405572     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171338      9.38%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94180      5.16%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61828      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56182      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17473      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12369      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4418      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2772      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1033     42.34%     54.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     45.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       809815     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18046      1.83%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98403      9.99%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58219      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total       984591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.363974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002478                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3799719                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1234450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       965462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses       987031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          787                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1060866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        18712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts       969581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             151054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         131242                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            58071                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.358425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               965608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              965462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          571447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1450485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.356903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.393970                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       865424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1791486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1440381     80.40%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167168      9.33%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69624      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35512      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26496      1.48%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15139      0.85%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9424      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7687      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20055      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1791486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       709479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       865424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               139125                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               84085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           120270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          782356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        16890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            2832936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2157776                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 26603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                878981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              865424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.812816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.812816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.262273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.262273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4401858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1318330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1011095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173157899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63609332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173157899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2355901.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202485.409722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61238230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160514197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2268082.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114681.923611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          560                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2044.629900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          87167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        33.448580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.385865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.900788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   237.622028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1656.721220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.116026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.808946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 560                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    540477196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     601262354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45071757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     45071757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585548953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      646334111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585548953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     646334111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.614144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.640732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.640732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1091873.123232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1156273.757692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1126793.925000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1126793.925000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1094484.024299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1154168.055357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1094484.024299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1154168.055357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                321                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     321                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    497012184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555602342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41558647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41558647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    538570831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    597160989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    538570831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    597160989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.614144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1004065.018182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1068466.042308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1038966.175000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038966.175000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1006674.450467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066358.908929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1006674.450467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066358.908929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          52196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        23.157054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.434335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.735736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    97.124160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1903.705769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.047424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.929544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12050605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    148330221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160380826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12050605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    148330221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      160380826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12050605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    148330221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     160380826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 803373.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 776598.015707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 778547.699029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 803373.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 776598.015707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 778547.699029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 803373.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 776598.015707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 778547.699029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10733605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    131560421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142294026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10733605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    131560421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142294026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     10733605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    131560421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142294026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.390593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 715573.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688798.015707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690747.699029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 715573.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688798.015707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690747.699029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 715573.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 688798.015707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690747.699029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2046.653214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.653214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.728510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    59.949440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1936.322051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.945470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57829553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     169189171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57829553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      169189171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     57829553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    111359618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     169189171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2141835.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951791.606838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1174924.798611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2141835.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951791.606838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1174924.798611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2141835.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 951791.606838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1174924.798611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55458953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156540305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55458953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156540305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     55458953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    101081352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156540305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2054035.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863943.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087085.451389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2054035.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863943.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087085.451389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2054035.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 863943.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1087085.451389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.696787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.013148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.726882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.312128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1875.644630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.915842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11791477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134533641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     146325118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11791477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134533641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      146325118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11791477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134533641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     146325118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 842248.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896890.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 892226.329268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 842248.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896890.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 892226.329268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 842248.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896890.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 892226.329268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10561342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121359777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131921119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10561342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121359777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131921119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10561342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121359777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131921119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 754381.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809065.180000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804397.067073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 754381.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809065.180000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804397.067073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 754381.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809065.180000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804397.067073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          559                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2044.329991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          87165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        33.473502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks         134.085043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    16.432247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.516566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1658.296135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.114510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.809715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.998208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          314                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   315                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 561                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66287287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    523018888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     589306175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45200969                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     45200969                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66287287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    568219857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      634507144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66287287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    568219857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     634507144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.610973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.622892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.629717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.640411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.629717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.640411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2455084.703704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1067385.485714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1139857.205029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1027294.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1027294.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2455084.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1064082.129213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1131028.777184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2455084.703704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1064082.129213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1131028.777184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                321                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     321                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63916687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    480172488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544089175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41337769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41337769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63916687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    521510257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585426944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63916687                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    521510257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585426944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.610973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.629717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.629717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2367284.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 979943.853061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1052396.856867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 939494.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939494.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2367284.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 976610.968165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043541.789661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2367284.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 976610.968165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043541.789661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.696148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.993523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.731509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    63.577402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1875.393714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.031044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.915720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14390449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132381831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     146772280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14390449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132381831                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      146772280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14390449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    132381831                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     146772280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1027889.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 882545.540000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 894952.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1027889.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 882545.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 894952.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1027889.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 882545.540000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 894952.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13161249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    119206195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132367444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13161249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    119206195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132367444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     13161249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    119206195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132367444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 940089.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 794707.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807118.560976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 940089.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 794707.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807118.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 940089.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 794707.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807118.560976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.434524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.741896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    97.078523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1903.745057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.047402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.929563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10646768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152908958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     163555726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10646768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152908958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      163555726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10646768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    152908958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     163555726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 709784.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800570.460733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793959.834951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 709784.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800570.460733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793959.834951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 709784.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 800570.460733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793959.834951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9329768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136135798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145465566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9329768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136135798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145465566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9329768                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    136135798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145465566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 621984.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712752.869110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706143.524272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 621984.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712752.869110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706143.524272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 621984.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 712752.869110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 706143.524272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2046.652079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         119298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        54.424270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.652079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    21.703057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    59.914905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1936.382037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.010597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.029255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.945499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   285                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     76282135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    113379822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     189661957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     76282135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    113379822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      189661957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     76282135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    113379822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     189661957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2825264.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 969058.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1317096.923611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2825264.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 969058.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1317096.923611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2825264.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 969058.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1317096.923611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     73911535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103104387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177015922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     73911535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103104387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    177015922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     73911535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103104387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    177015922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2737464.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 881234.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1229277.236111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2737464.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 881234.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1229277.236111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2737464.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 881234.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1229277.236111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.694912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.996081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.721947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    63.337344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1875.639539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.030926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.915840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     142887939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      142887939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9610030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133277909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     142887939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 686430.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 888519.393333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871267.920732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8372580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    120044860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    128417440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 598041.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 800299.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783033.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.632726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         119297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        54.473516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.632726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    21.856055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    58.741196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1937.402749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.010672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.028682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.945997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   284                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46491246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    100007432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     146498678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46491246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    100007432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      146498678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46491246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    100007432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     146498678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 869629.843478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1031680.830986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 869629.843478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1031680.830986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1721898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 869629.843478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1031680.830986                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44120646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89910432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134031078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44120646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89910432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134031078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     44120646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89910432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134031078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1634098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781829.843478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943880.830986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1634098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781829.843478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943880.830986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1634098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 781829.843478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943880.830986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          169                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.699916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         136000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.344159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.982956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.743291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    63.982753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1874.990917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.031242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.915523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          326                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   326                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 167                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9721404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    127499351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     137220755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9721404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    127499351                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      137220755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9721404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    127499351                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     137220755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.338742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.338742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.338742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       694386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833329.091503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821681.167665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       694386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833329.091503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821681.167665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       694386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 833329.091503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821681.167665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 97                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      97                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8491884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    114147065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122638949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8491884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    114147065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122638949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8491884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    114147065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122638949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.319415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 606563.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 746059.248366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734364.964072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 606563.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 746059.248366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734364.964072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 606563.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 746059.248366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734364.964072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          142                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.636358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         119297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        54.473516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.636358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    21.871184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    58.975767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1937.153049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.028797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.945876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  97                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          283                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   284                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 142                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53203887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94304509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147508396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53203887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94304509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      147508396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53203887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     94304509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     147508396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1970514.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820039.208696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1038791.521127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1970514.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820039.208696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1038791.521127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1970514.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820039.208696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1038791.521127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50833287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84206436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135039723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50833287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84206436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135039723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     50833287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     84206436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135039723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.288945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1882714.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732229.878261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950983.964789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1882714.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732229.878261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950983.964789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1882714.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732229.878261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950983.964789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          111                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.563609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         132699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        61.548701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.563609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    11.932934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    43.592015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1949.475051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.005827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.021285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.951892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 111                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85602160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69686915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     155289075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85602160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69686915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      155289075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85602160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     69686915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     155289075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.218274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.263658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.261792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.261792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3424086.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 810312.965116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1399000.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3424086.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 810312.965116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1399000.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3424086.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 810312.965116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1399000.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83406569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62135753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145542322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83406569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62135753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145542322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     83406569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62135753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145542322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.218274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3336262.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722508.755814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311192.090090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3336262.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722508.755814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311192.090090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3336262.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 722508.755814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1311192.090090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          207                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          52198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.147672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.739548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    97.650821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1903.177101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.047681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.929286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             61                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  61                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 209                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13021962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144923783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     157945745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13021962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144923783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      157945745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13021962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144923783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     157945745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           61                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              61                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.411417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.411417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.411417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 868130.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 747029.809278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755721.267943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 868130.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 747029.809278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 755721.267943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 868130.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 747029.809278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 755721.267943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11704816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128063796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139768612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11704816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128063796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139768612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11704816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128063796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139768612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 780321.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660122.659794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668749.339713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 780321.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660122.659794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668749.339713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 780321.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660122.659794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668749.339713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          562                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2044.543750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          87166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.435366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.424354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.400069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   236.745715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1656.973612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.115598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.809069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.998312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 564                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    532261186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     589974945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44098139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44098139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576359325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      634073084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576359325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     634073084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.642369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.642369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1075275.123232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1130220.201149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1049955.690476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1049955.690476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073294.832402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1124243.056738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073294.832402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1124243.056738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    488875275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544218242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40409884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40409884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529285159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584628126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55342967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529285159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584628126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 987626.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042563.681992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 962140.095238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962140.095238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985633.443203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036574.691489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049739.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985633.443203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036574.691489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72490220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610893.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63972384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2205944.275862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              506.639173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753861275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1460971.463178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.639173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.026665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          90138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         90138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        90178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        90178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125584145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             113753.754529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   176.829871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    79.170129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.690742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.309258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        54252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         122342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        122342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1324353995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1324353995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    418473229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    418473229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1742827224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1742827224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1742827224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1742827224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        70111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       124768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       124768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.028826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 655296.385453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 655296.385453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1033267.232099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1033267.232099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    565705843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565705843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45531957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45531957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611237800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611237800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611237800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611237800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701868.291563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701868.291563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1084094.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1084094.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              539.734568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              647136935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1196186.571165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.734568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         119863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       119863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        119863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13549613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13549613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13549613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13549613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13549613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13549613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       119881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       119881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       119881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 752756.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 752756.277778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 752756.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 752756.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 752756.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 752756.277778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12175718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12175718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12175718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12175718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     12175718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12175718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 811714.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811714.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 811714.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811714.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 811714.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811714.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  489                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              151380867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             203195.794631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   129.955522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   126.044478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.507639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.492361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       169014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       204079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         204079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       204079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        204079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    830348871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    830348871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    830348871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    830348871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    830348871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    830348871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       170818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       205883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       205883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460282.079268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 460282.079268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460282.079268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460282.079268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460282.079268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460282.079268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169419252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169419252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169419252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169419252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    169419252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169419252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 346460.638037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346460.638037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 346460.638037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346460.638037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 346460.638037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346460.638037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              497.980048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750132375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1488357.886905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.980048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         124411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       124411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        124411                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65403893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65403893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65403893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65403893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     65403893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65403893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       124456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       124456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       124456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1453419.844444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1453419.844444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1453419.844444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1453419.844444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1453419.844444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1453419.844444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261934                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       261934                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58192661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58192661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58192661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58192661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     58192661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58192661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2006643.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2006643.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2006643.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2006643.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2006643.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2006643.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              113322439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             172484.686454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   143.233661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   112.766339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.559506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.440494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        84738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        70543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         155281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       155281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        155281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    436035841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    436035841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1263366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1263366                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437299207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    437299207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    437299207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    437299207                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        85997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70559                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       156556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.014640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 346335.060365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 346335.060365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 78960.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78960.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342979.770196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 342979.770196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 342979.770196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 342979.770196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130622459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130622459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130814759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130814759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130814759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130814759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 328197.133166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328197.133166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 326221.344140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326221.344140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 326221.344140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326221.344140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.725792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750703862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1513515.850806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.725792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         120132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        120132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13803939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13803939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13803939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13803939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13803939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13803939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       120151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       120151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 726523.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 726523.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 726523.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 726523.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 726523.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 726523.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11908309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11908309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11908309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 850593.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850593.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 850593.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850593.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 850593.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850593.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118284534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             161811.948016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   159.472106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    96.527894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.622938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.377062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        69265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         152151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        152151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    678267244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    678267244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     46913975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46913975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    725181219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    725181219                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    725181219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    725181219                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        84514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        69332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 416626.071253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416626.071253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 700208.582090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 700208.582090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427835.527434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427835.527434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427835.527434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427835.527434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858775                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157009749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157009749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157009749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157009749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157009749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157009749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330546.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330546.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330546.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330546.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330546.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330546.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              507.174020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753861506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1455331.092664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.174020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.027522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        90369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        90369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total          90369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst        90369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total         90369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101753131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101753131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101753131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101753131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101753131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101753131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        90413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        90413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total        90413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst        90413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total        90413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2312571.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2312571.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2312571.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2312571.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2312571.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2312571.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731356                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       731356                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66577988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66577988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66577988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66577988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     66577988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66577988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2377785.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2377785.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2377785.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2377785.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2377785.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2377785.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              125584531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             113960.554446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   176.573806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    79.426194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.689741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.310259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        54329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         122725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       122725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        122725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1321274089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1321274089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    413950144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    413950144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1735224233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1735224233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1735224233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1735224233                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        70423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       125162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       125162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.028783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.007490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007490                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.019471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 651837.241737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 651837.241737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1009634.497561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1009634.497561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 712032.922856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 712032.922856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 712032.922856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 712032.922856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1589                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    548225278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    548225278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45694369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45694369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    593919647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    593919647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    593919647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    593919647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 683572.665835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 683572.665835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 993355.847826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993355.847826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700376.942217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700376.942217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 700376.942217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700376.942217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.730419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750703936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs                  1513516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.730419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         120206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       120206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        120206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18484355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18484355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18484355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18484355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     18484355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18484355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       120225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       120225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       120225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 972860.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972860.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 972860.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 972860.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 972860.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 972860.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14507059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14507059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14507059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14507059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14507059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14507059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1036218.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036218.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1036218.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036218.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1036218.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036218.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              118284802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             161812.314637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   159.460337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    96.539663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.622892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.377108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        83025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        69394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69394                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         152419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        152419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    646995462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    646995462                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     22131335                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22131335                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    669126797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    669126797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    669126797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    669126797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        84653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       154098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       154098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 397417.359951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 397417.359951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 433947.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 433947.745098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 398526.978559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 398526.978559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 398526.978559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 398526.978559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1204                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    154854036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154854036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    154854036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154854036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    154854036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154854036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 326008.496842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326008.496842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 326008.496842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326008.496842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 326008.496842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326008.496842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              539.740729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              647136670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1196186.081331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.740729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119598                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         119598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       119598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        119598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12375085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12375085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12375085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12375085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     12375085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12375085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       119616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       119616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       119616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 687504.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 687504.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 687504.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687504.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 687504.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687504.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10771984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10771984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10771984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10771984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     10771984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10771984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718132.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718132.266667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718132.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718132.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 718132.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 718132.266667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              151380296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             202922.648794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   130.121297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   125.878703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.508286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.491714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       168658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        34850                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       203508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         203508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       203508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        203508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844934181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    844934181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844934181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    844934181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    844934181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    844934181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       170448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        34850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       205298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 472030.268715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 472030.268715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 472030.268715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472030.268715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 472030.268715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472030.268715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174064584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    174064584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174064584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    174064584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    174064584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    174064584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355233.844898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355233.844898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355233.844898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355233.844898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 355233.844898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355233.844898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              497.953140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750132287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1488357.712302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.953140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.036784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         124323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       124323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        124323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84714724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84714724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84714724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84714724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84714724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84714724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       124364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       124364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       124364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2066212.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2066212.780488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2066212.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2066212.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2066212.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2066212.780488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       293861                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       293861                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     76645805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76645805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     76645805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76645805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     76645805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76645805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2642958.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2642958.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2642958.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2642958.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2642958.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2642958.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              113322318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             172747.435976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   143.251459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   112.748541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.559576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.440424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        84671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        70489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       155160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         155160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       155160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        155160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    426414010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    426414010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1264662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1264662                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    427678672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    427678672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    427678672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    427678672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        85928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        70505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70505                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       156433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       156433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339231.511535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339231.511535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79041.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79041.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335961.250589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335961.250589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 335961.250589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335961.250589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          873                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    132578022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132578022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    132770322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132770322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    132770322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132770322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333949.677582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333949.677582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331925.805000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331925.805000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 331925.805000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331925.805000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.720850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750704056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1513516.241935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.720850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         120326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       120326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        120326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     13199456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13199456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       120345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       120345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       120345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 694708.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9726943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9726943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 694781.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              118284751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             161812.244870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   159.107219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    96.892781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.621513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.378487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        82996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        69372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         152368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        152368                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    643761121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    643761121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     57526667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57526667                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701287788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    701287788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    701287788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    701287788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        84623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        69439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       154062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       154062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 395673.706822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 395673.706822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 858606.970149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858606.970149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 413983.345927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1219                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    155752482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155752482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327899.962105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              497.482298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750132775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1491317.644135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    22.482298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.036029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         124811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        124811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51781698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51781698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51781698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51781698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     51781698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51781698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       124848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       124848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1399505.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1399505.351351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1399505.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1399505.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1399505.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1399505.351351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46784256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46784256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46784256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46784256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     46784256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46784256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1670866.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670866.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1670866.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670866.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1670866.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1670866.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              113322039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             173275.288991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   143.151073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   112.848927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.559184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.440816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        84630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        70251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70251                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         154881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       154881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        154881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    431394434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    431394434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1240738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1240738                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    432635172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    432635172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    432635172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    432635172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        85892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        85892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        70267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70267                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       156159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       156159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.014693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 341833.941363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341833.941363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 77546.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77546.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338525.173709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338525.173709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338525.173709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338525.173709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119190470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119190470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119382770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119382770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    119382770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119382770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 301748.025316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 301748.025316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 299956.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299956.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 299956.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299956.708543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.742201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              750704459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1513517.054435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.742201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.022023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         120729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       120729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        120729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12851916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12851916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12851916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12851916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     12851916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12851916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       120748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       120748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       120748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 676416.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 676416.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 676416.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 676416.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 676416.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 676416.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9838117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9838117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9838117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9838117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9838117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9838117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 702722.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702722.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 702722.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702722.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 702722.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702722.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  478                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              118285318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             161151.659401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   160.022149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    95.977851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.625087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.374913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        83317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         83317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        69618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         152935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       152935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        152935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    634172851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    634172851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     57795565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57795565                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    691968416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    691968416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    691968416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    691968416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        84960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        69685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69685                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.019339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 385984.693244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 385984.693244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862620.373134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862620.373134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 404659.892398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 404659.892398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 404659.892398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 404659.892398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858596                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1231                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150056475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150056475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150056475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150056475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    150056475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150056475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 313270.302714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313270.302714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 313270.302714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313270.302714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 313270.302714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313270.302714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              497.499057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750133144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1491318.377734                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.499057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.036056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.797274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         125180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       125180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        125180                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60658663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60658663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60658663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60658663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60658663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60658663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       125221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       125221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       125221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1479479.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1479479.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1479479.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1479479.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1479479.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1479479.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       272390                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       272390                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53496430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53496430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53496430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53496430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53496430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53496430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1910586.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1910586.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1910586.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1910586.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1910586.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1910586.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              113322505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             173276.001529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   143.446908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   112.553092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.560339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.439661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        84877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        70470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         155347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       155347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        155347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    395316946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    395316946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1241250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1241250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    396558196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    396558196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    396558196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    396558196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        86139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        70486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       156625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 313246.391442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313246.391442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 77578.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77578.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 310295.928013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 310295.928013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 310295.928013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 310295.928013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113488708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113488708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113681008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113681008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    113681008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113681008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 287313.184810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287313.184810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285630.673367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285630.673367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 285630.673367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285630.673367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              467.219741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753577398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1563438.585062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    12.219741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.019583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         128057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        128057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    144730340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144730340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    144730340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144730340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    144730340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144730340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       128102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       128102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3216229.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3216229.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3216229.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3216229.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3216229.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3216229.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2290565                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 572641.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85939964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85939964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85939964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     85939964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     85939964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     85939964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3182961.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182961.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3182961.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182961.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3182961.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3182961.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              109424191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             167571.502297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   142.535987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   113.464013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.556781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.443219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       100371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        73721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73721                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       174092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         174092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       174092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        174092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    218674912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218674912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1055824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1055824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    219730736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    219730736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    219730736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    219730736                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       101385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        73733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       175118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       175118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 215655.731755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215655.731755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 87985.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87985.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 214162.510721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 214162.510721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 214162.510721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 214162.510721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90384640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90384640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       208354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90592994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90592994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     90592994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90592994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 229402.639594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229402.639594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69451.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69451.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228193.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228193.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 228193.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228193.939547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              539.738380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              647137505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1196187.624769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.738380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15044717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15044717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15044717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15044717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     15044717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15044717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 835817.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 835817.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 835817.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 835817.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 835817.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 835817.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13147015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13147015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13147015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13147015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13147015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13147015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 876467.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876467.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 876467.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876467.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 876467.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876467.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151381591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             202652.732262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   130.190095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   125.809905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.508555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.491445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       204803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         204803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       204803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        204803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791335300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    791335300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791335300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    791335300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791335300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    791335300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       171256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       206620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       206620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435517.501376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435517.501376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435517.501376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435517.501376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435517.501376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435517.501376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166082098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166082098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166082098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166082098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166082098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166082098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336880.523327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336880.523327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336880.523327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336880.523327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336880.523327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336880.523327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.134525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753861609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1455331.291506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.134525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.027459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125584526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             113651.154751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   176.677619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    79.322381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.690147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.309853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1311030596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1311030596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    394323468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    394323468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705354064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1705354064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705354064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1705354064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 648703.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648703.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1013685.007712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1013685.007712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707615.794191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707615.794191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707615.794191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707615.794191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557430503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557430503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44574939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44574939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    602005442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    602005442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    602005442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    602005442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 691601.120347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 691601.120347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1013066.795455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013066.795455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708241.696471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708241.696471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708241.696471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708241.696471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
