
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132177                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132176580906                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               697475012733                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 301028                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   378978                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2096603                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 63043.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 18977749385                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23892004765                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2669312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2668416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2794880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4435712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2812288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1304832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2803200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1798656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      5199744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      5179264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1801344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4422784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1796736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      5194240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1799808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4441472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             51203584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13612288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13612288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        20854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        21835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        34654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        21971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        10194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        21900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        14052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        40623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        40463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        14073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        34553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        14037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        40580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        14061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        34699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                400028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          106346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               106346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20195045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        33894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20188266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21145047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     33558986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        35831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21276749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9871885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21207993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13607978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        35831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39339374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39184430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13628314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        38736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     33461177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13593452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        35831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     39297733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13616694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33602564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               387387718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        33894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        33894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        39704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        35831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        40673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        35831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        37768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        38736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        35831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        36799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             612030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         102985627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              102985627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         102985627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        33894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20195045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        33894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20188266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        39704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21145047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        38736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     33558986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        35831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21276749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        40673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9871885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21207993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13607978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        35831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39339374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        37768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39184430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        40673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13628314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        38736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     33461177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13593452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        35831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     39297733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13616694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        36799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33602564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              490373344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21814168                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470873                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1738975                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14452975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213297                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1310319                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52052                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230334760                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123937227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21814168                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15523616                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27622971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5720740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9567219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13940881                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1706874                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    271496953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      243873982     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204892      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2135796      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4160453      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1333020      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3842254      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         606769      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         989054      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10350733      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    271496953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068821                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.391006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228320458                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11634599                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27567837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22455                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3951600                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065446                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138651819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38327                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3951600                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228551825                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       7542341                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      3355202                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27336516                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       759465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138446736                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       108141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       570615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181461982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627524927                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627524927                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34427652                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9401                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1802179                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24953107                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4065700                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26151                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       924481                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137734945                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18653                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128938685                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        83122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24967411                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51107414                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271496953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215006657     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17742336      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18937585      6.98%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10955115      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679295      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1422860      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1680610      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39266      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33229      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271496953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215495     57.14%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88587     23.49%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        73079     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101118897     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012962      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22765833     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4031803      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128938685                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406785                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377161                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529834606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162721338                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125657472                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129315846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5115042                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          337                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99756                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3951600                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       6709365                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        92188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137753695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24953107                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4065700                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9396                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        45985                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2666                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          337                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       671277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1842484                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127308479                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22444782                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1630206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26476392                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19343173                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031610                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401642                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125686238                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125657472                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76023522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165703093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396433                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615984                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25143267                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18533                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1728125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267545353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225590668     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16498882      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10566053      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352797      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5530618      2.07%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082475      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       685800      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627522      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610538      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267545353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436178                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610538                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          401693689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279473255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5143688                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              45473266                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615984                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.169702                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.169702                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591708071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163742222                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147215301                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       21811281                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19470668                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1738685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14479025                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14211907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1306986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230282574                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            123923081                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          21811281                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     15518893                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27619619                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5720941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      9497102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13937660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1706455                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    271371794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      243752175     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        4202082      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2138247      0.79%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        4160319      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1331916      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3838346      1.41%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         607579      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         987943      0.36%     96.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10353187      3.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    271371794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068812                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.390961                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      228274068                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     11558575                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        27564376                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        22676                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3952095                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      2062835                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        20374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    138645802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        38335                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3952095                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      228507269                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       7477030                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      3347666                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        27330677                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       757053                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    138435691                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       105312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       569876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    181439634                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    627428448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    627428448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    146981796                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       34457838                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        18598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1803503                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     24942025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      4068852                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26530                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       926699                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        137710855                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18661                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       128933472                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        89248                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24983649                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51109031                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    271371794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214890114     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17741986      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18923813      6.97%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10956938      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5683988      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1419477      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1681841      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        40433      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33204      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    271371794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215728     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88562     23.49%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72791     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101102508     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1012693      0.79%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9188      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22778291     17.67%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4030792      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    128933472                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.406768                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            377081                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    529705067                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162713503                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125629105                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    129310553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       100697                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5112562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          348                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104006                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3952095                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       6644821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        93089                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137729614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24942025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4068852                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9405                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        47697                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2709                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          348                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1174835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       669681                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1844516                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127294546                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22449140                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1638926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           26479724                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19334619                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          4030584                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.401598                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            125657981                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           125629105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        75993528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       165562656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.396344                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.459002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99962171                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    112574693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25160568                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18530                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1727830                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    267419699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    225477083     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16497682      6.17%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10562848      3.95%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3349421      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5527941      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082208      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686068      0.26%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627744      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3608704      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    267419699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     99962171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    112574693                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             23794309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            19829463                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              9245                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17261468                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        98400472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1411726                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3608704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          401545879                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         279425798                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               5138199                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              45598425                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          99962171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           112574693                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     99962171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.170902                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.170902                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.315368                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.315368                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      591605959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     163696346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     147190594                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        18512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23293258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19099998                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2282435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9686974                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9101940                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2391384                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102456                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222419838                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            132364172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23293258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11493324                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29119792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6475538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     20767921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13702420                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2267824                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    276462057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      247342265     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3159466      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3654432      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2007827      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2304241      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1276719      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         868803      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2252056      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13596248      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    276462057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      220607511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     22613958                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        28876299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       230996                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4133289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3782744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        21220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    161582201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts       104532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4133289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      220960686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       7365448                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     14260384                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        28764778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       977468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    161483317                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       249762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       452407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    224425282                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    751823087                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    751823087                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    191749674                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       32675604                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        42463                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23776                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2617542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15414403                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8396624                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220747                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1863075                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        161231641                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42541                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       152436785                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       212900                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20050396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46246557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4880                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276462057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    212228434     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25836537      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13886821      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9606487      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8396515      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4292682      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1044731      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669511      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       500339      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276462057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40111     12.28%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       138784     42.50%     54.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147630     45.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127602393     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2381873      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18673      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14095807      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8338039      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    152436785                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.480918                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            326525                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581875052                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181326012                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149899853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    152763310                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       383511                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2710149                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          919                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1437                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       177853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3327                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4133289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6818491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       167989                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161274318                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15414403                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8396624                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       117972                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1437                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1324133                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1279013                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2603146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150184895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13237016                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2251890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21573115                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21021080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8336099                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473814                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            149902041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           149899853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        89083992                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       233311038                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.472915                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112600071                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    138146358                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23129262                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37661                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2295604                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272328768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215891848     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26170065      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10970029      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6594635      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4558788      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2949187      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1526572      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1229341      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2438303      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272328768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    112600071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    138146358                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20923023                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12704252                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             18790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         19772351                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       124543156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2810583                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2438303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          431165331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         326684617                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3407055                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              40508162                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         112600071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           138146358                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    112600071                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.815009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.815009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      677457137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     208045902                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     150801875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        37626                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22286155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18223588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2178402                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9441913                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8818377                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2293724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216474060                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            126345905                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22286155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11112101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26496217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6302946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     10104830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13309413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2192794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    257151350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      230655133     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1440217      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2273570      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3603281      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1508766      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1693848      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1777165      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1164987      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13034383      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    257151350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.398605                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      214447487                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     12147593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26413946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        66577                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4075745                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3655681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          478                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    154298677                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3109                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4075745                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      214763352                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2471191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      8724981                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26170179                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       945900                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    154196329                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents        44454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       263372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       343768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        73784                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    214047775                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    717274608                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    717274608                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    183004960                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       31042810                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        39984                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22289                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2771558                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14709876                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7907866                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       239116                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1793804                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        153981240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       145894317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       183713                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19251457                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42662309                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4423                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257151350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195570383     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24751158      9.63%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13527819      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9200978      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8595784      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2481724      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1919433      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656335      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       447736      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257151350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33846     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102100     38.17%     50.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131524     49.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122217405     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2302690      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17691      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13490027      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7866504      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    145894317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.460278                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    549391167                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173274408                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143565573                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    146161787                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       443134                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2632749                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          369                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1641                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230942                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9079                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4075745                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1537346                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131227                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154021501                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14709876                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7907866                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22283                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96597                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1641                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1275342                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1239243                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2514585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143831257                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12692505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2063060                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20557016                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20253733                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7864511                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.453769                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            143566489                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           143565573                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        83942942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       219219191                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.452931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107492870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    131756839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22265272                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35681                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2225126                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253075605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199592088     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25899009     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10083381      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5433258      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4072112      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2270924      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1398895      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1252648      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3073290      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253075605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    107492870                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    131756839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19754048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12077124                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18912910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       118722520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2676285                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3073290                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          404023711                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         312120204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3506287                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              59818869                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         107492870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           131756839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    107492870                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.948756                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.948756                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.339126                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.339126                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      648632467                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     199001585                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     143935346                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23321403                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19125881                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2283505                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9559980                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9102036                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2388748                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102064                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222425824                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            132567076                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23321403                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11490784                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            29159019                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6503840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     20576645                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13706732                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2268715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    276343630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      247184611     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3161110      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3662929      1.33%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2008282      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2308213      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1267693      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         865733      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        2258409      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13626650      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    276343630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073576                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418232                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      220616227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     22420691                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        28914469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       231285                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4160954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3785465                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        21188                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    161841052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts       104500                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4160954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      220969557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       7410159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     14018992                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        28803461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       980503                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    161743381                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       252325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       453308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    224757894                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    753064626                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    753064626                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    191747168                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       33010726                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        42042                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23344                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2622425                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15442610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8403876                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221780                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1871232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        161482326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42102                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       152526355                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       214268                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20310533                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47060944                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4440                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276343630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    212089331     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25830971      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13882398      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9621170      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8411864      3.04%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4296735      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1042270      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       668801      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       500090      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276343630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         39360     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142009     43.19%     55.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147435     44.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127680131     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2385849      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18673      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14096945      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8344757      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    152526355                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.481201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            328804                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    581939412                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181836385                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149989084                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    152855159                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384379                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2738520                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          932                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1429                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       185206                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9337                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3036                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4160954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       6842038                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       169018                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161524564                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15442610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8403876                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23288                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118066                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1429                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1319944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1285562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2605506                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150276269                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13238200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2250086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21581103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       21025286                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8342903                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474102                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            149991319                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           149989084                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        89137976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       233548511                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473196                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112598612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    138144561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23381339                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2296601                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272182676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507544                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215749061     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26171134      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10968297      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6589366      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4561685      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2943591      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1531291      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1229714      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2438537      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272182676                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    112598612                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    138144561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20922760                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12704090                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             18790                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         19772103                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       124541536                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2810549                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2438537                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          431269285                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         327212833                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3408919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              40626589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         112598612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           138144561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    112598612                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.815046                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.815046                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.355234                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.355234                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      677832103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     208162161                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     151010675                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        37628                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 66                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       27486113                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     22886377                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2498793                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10556148                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       10065664                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2955142                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       116214                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    239267124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            150843397                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          27486113                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13020806                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            31439833                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6940387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     21724300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        14854757                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2387665                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    296855478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624301                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      265415645     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1930863      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2438014      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3872869      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1615579      0.54%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2081542      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2432992      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1110100      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       15957874      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    296855478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086715                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      237863848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     23269215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        31288188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        16150                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4418072                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      4182042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          810                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    184323314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3934                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4418072                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      238108130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        776703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     21812902                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        31060381                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       679280                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    183181605                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        97268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       474238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    255855188                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    851840608                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    851840608                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    214300738                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       41554448                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        44530                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23298                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2386825                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     17130532                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8975738                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       106226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      2094177                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        178869165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        44689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       171691329                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171401                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21547303                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43694346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1869                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296855478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    224077736     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     33177101     11.18%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13633164      4.59%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7595018      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10272478      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3169001      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3120609      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1678693      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131678      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296855478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1185242     79.26%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       157758     10.55%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       152403     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    144626426     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2352299      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        21231      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15744377      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8946996      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    171691329                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.541664                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1495404                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    641904941                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    200462095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    167236590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    173186733                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       129122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3186603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          945                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       121151                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4418072                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        589547                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        73953                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    178913858                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       140009                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     17130532                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8975738                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23299                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        64430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           83                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          945                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1481470                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1399873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2881343                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    168710116                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     15491395                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2981213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           24437482                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       23854957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8946087                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.532259                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            167237185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           167236590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers       100209843                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       269043909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.527610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372466                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    124701182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    153657351                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25257238                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        42820                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2520005                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292437406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    227413974     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32949406     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11955769      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5973102      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5447645      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2294034      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2265276      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1080905      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3057295      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292437406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    124701182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    153657351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             22798515                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            13943928                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             21362                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         22266443                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       138341899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      3170547                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3057295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          468293842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         362247292                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3623697                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              20114741                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         124701182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           153657351                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    124701182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.541838                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.541838                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      759192808                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     233660496                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     170553710                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        42784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23242834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19064542                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2278905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9660050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9087583                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2386621                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102553                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222050008                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            132084534                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23242834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11474204                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            29065095                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6461300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     20737230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13678627                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2264550                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    275995993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      246930898     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3154418      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        3656967      1.33%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2004094      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2299028      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1271918      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         867660      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        2241817      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13569193      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    275995993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073328                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.416710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      220241292                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     22579714                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        28821659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles       230818                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4122506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3768653                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        21157                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    161230939                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts       104093                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4122506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      220593982                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       7462394                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     14130412                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        28710275                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       976420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    161133416                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       249213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       451905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    223962978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    750212290                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    750212290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    191410149                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32552829                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        42265                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23601                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2611839                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15376308                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8375513                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       220811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1855202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        160881793                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152114928                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       209472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19962749                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46082304                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4755                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    275995993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    211883665     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25799301      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13855146      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9589347      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8380640      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4278805      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1042428      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       667147      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       499514      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    275995993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40189     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       137014     42.23%     54.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       147267     45.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127338289     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2377984      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18640      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14063018      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8316997      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152114928                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.479903                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            324470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002133                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    580759791                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180888329                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149590141                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    152439398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       381486                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2694559                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          872                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1442                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       171330                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9317                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3578                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4122506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       6913851                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       168745                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160924276                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15376308                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8375513                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23570                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       118711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1442                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1325537                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1273699                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2599236                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149870029                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13208371                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2244899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21523573                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20975580                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8315202                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.472821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            149592383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           149590141                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        88910587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       232830320                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.471938                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381869                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112400445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    137901643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23023984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2292016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    271873487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    215532894     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26127085      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10949983      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6582335      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4553335      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2945178      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1522625      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1227809      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2432243      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    271873487                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112400445                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    137901643                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20885932                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12681749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19737390                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124322500                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2805620                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2432243                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          430366117                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         325973839                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3400446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              40974226                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112400445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           137901643                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112400445                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.820009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.820009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.354609                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.354609                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      676060334                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     207631455                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150482930                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37558                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       24535567                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20076313                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2398160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10281002                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9674437                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2533387                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236319748                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            137146844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          24535567                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12207824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            28642581                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6528985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     12734512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        14457148                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2399782                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    281797020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      253154439     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1339684      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2123372      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2868810      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2959511      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2502452      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1406511      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        2076181      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13366060      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    281797020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      233883914                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     15191727                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        28588772                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        33320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4099286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      4037999                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    168312742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2031                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4099286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      234530428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       2200869                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     11497853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27982687                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1485894                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    168246399                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       221688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       636820                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    234734958                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    782717220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    782717220                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    203664499                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       31070451                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        41931                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21911                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         4380542                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     15764916                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8533514                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      2015122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        168036467                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42083                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       159627923                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21878                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18504186                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44216662                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1709                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281797020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214246978     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27776908      9.86%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14070720      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10610081      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8348055      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3379195      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2110364      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108799      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       145920      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281797020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30198     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        99012     37.18%     48.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137120     51.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134258063     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2381328      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20017      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14461897      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8506618      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    159627923                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.503605                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601341074                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186583381                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157242310                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    159894253                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       324632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2534609                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          648                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4099286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1839836                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168078718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15764916                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8533514                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21914                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122171                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          648                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1394865                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1347476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2742341                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157433969                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13609357                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2193954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 168                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22115660                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       22374728                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8506303                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.496684                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            157242547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           157242310                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        90265394                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       243269363                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.496079                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371051                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118724101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    146087893                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21990833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40374                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2428483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277697734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217776063     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29697626     10.69%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11221684      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5346141      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4510020      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2583397      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2264324      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022365      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3276114      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277697734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    118724101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    146087893                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             21646700                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            13230307                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             20142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         21066411                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       131622994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      3008211                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3276114                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          442499540                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         340256810                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3581812                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              35173199                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         118724101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           146087893                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    118724101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.669805                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.669805                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374559                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374559                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      708578303                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     219032264                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     156013153                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        40340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21435041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19344222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1121992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8313859                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7687775                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1181144                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49959                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227489105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            134675254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21435041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8868919                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            26664137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3533847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     31372418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13050149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1127317                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    287909372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      261245235     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         956970      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1957602      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         836359      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        4431223      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3939440      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         765941      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1582103      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12194499      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    287909372                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067625                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225121059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     33753925                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        26566867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        84235                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2383281                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1879093                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    157958077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2381                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2383281                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      225417328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      31355571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1369246                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        26390156                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       993785                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    157868045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       513152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       323134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        17144                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    185266622                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    743480439                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    743480439                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    164408560                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       20858039                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        18314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9243                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2274379                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     37269335                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     18857629                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       173003                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       915928                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        157564313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18369                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       151508936                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        97344                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12161515                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29100281                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           89                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287909372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233484150     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16628737      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13437630      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5813508      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7263563      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6877614      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3899164      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       312939      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       192067      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287909372                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380923     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2910317     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84811      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     95022517     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1321545      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9070      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36356620     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18799184     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    151508936                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477991                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3376051                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    594400637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169748150                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150203259                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    154884987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273456                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1453367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          587                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3963                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       130439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13347                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           61                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2383281                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      30570516                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       296621                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157582776                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37269335                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18857629                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9243                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       184260                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          160                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3963                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       659214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       658853                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1318067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150454977                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36227085                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1053957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           55024380                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19709478                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         18797295                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.474666                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            150207062                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           150203259                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        81128186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       160089075                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473872                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    122035361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    143412732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14187525                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1146828                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285526091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    233314531     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19216266      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8947131      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8806210      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2435783      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10073250      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764615      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559938      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1408367      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285526091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    122035361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    143412732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             54543144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            35815959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              9126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18937837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       127528931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1389072                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1408367                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          441717617                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         317584051                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4882566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              29060847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         122035361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           143412732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    122035361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.597364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.597364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.385006                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.385006                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      743793374                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     174389912                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     188065752                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        18252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       21359258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19275559                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1121529                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8368599                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7662753                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1176931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49652                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226773125                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            134213451                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          21359258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8839684                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            26568788                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3527828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     31426853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13011259                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1126308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    287146858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848486                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      260578070     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         948997      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1951290      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         834264      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4413097      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3926260      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         766213      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1581636      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12147031      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    287146858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      224417626                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     33796049                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        26471217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        84303                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2377658                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1871840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    157410166                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2404                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2377658                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      224718031                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      31390804                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1381109                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        26290668                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       988583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    157317170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       503023                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       325268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14398                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    184645427                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    740887972                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    740887972                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    163819497                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       20825926                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        18861                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9820                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2289377                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     37136033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     18791667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       171090                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       909534                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        157014562                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18917                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       150991138                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        96713                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12109245                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28928154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          700                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287146858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525832                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    232906805     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16576151      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13389554      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5792425      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7239701      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6847511      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3892094      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311255      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191362      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287146858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        379889     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2899329     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84576      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94707044     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1316860      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9038      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36226553     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18731643     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    150991138                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476357                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3363794                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022278                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592589641                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169146709                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149690106                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    154354932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273049                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1450014                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          586                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3993                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       132344                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2377658                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      30617727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       295760                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157033577                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37136033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18791667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9822                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       183172                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          172                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3993                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       660478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       656345                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1316823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    149940328                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36099100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1050810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           54828744                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19640253                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         18729644                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.473042                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            149693974                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           149690106                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80856565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       159552847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.472253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121596560                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    142897374                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14153619                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18217                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1146423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    284769200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    232743723     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19148124      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8914975      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8773296      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2428767      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10038410      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       762370      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558206      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1401329      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    284769200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    121596560                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    142897374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             54345342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            35686019                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              9094                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18869964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       127070652                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1384166                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1401329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          440418500                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         316479883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4870465                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              29823361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         121596560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           142897374                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    121596560                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.606737                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.606737                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383621                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383621                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      741250395                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     173814262                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     187414800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        18190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       24580243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20112959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2395702                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10155135                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9676002                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2536874                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236478209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            137464114                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          24580243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12212876                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            28692720                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6545700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     12705145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        14466587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2397641                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    281994908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      253302188     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1338876      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2123324      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2874416      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2960729      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2506291      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1408361      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        2077494      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13403229      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    281994908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077547                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.433681                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      234042025                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     15162418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        28638782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        33259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4118423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      4045839                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    168669024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2028                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4118423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      234687232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       2158935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     11512613                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        28033959                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1483743                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    168604304                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       221762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       635768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    235241973                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    784414724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    784414724                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    203911424                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       31330549                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        41617                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21572                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         4374351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15779989                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8551407                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1988786                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        168389012                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       159869905                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18674162                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44797951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281994908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214382387     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27773815      9.85%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14069937      4.99%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10647940      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8365301      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3386317      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2112243      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1109595      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147373      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281994908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29947     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        99037     37.07%     48.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138188     51.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134452150     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2390450      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20041      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14482680      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8524584      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    159869905                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.504369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            267172                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    602023752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187105592                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157486190                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    160137077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       325774                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2533675                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          652                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4118423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1798062                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145197                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168430946                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68311                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15779989                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8551407                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21576                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122143                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          652                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1391555                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1349831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2741386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157678824                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13627282                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2191081                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22151544                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       22406584                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8524262                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.497456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            157486426                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           157486190                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        90402816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       243623589                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.496849                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371076                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118867971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    146264898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22166057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40421                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2426065                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277876485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217899155     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29715007     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11237990      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5356127      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4502826      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2585872      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2274389      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1022420      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3282699      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277876485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    118867971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    146264898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21672909                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            13246314                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             20166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         21091889                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       131782507                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      3011855                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      3282699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          443023935                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         340980400                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3580956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              34975311                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         118867971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           146264898                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    118867971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.666574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.666574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.375013                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.375013                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      709659397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     219373062                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     156361633                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        40386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22231668                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18178179                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2172581                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9416051                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8795124                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2288076                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    215924042                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            126038868                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22231668                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11083200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26430891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6287622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     10128611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13275711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2186882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    256550448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      230119557     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1437209      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2265528      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3593420      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1505424      0.59%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1691394      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1773534      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1162410      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       13001972      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    256550448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.070138                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.397636                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      213903498                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     12165432                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26348750                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        66365                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4066401                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3647388                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          482                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    153923883                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3139                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4066401                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      214217111                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2418490                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      8797468                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26106960                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       944016                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    153823354                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents        45662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       262604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       341833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        76333                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    213525285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    715536703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    715536703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    182550857                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       30974428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        39862                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22214                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2758218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14673666                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7888555                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       238760                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1790572                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        153610761                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39981                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       145540691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       182762                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19215183                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42564417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256550448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195122708     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24684848      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13496325      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9177101      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8578040      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2477067      0.97%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1912310      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       655857      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       446192      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256550448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33717     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       101803     38.16%     50.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131260     49.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    121923236     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2297155      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17647      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13455295      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7847358      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    145540691                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.459162                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            266780                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    548081372                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    172867532                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143218832                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    145807471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       443524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2626463                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          407                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1640                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       230628                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9059                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4066401                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1496400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    153650892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14673666                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7888555                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96500                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1640                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1270950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1236546                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2507496                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143483353                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12661204                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2057338                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20506584                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20203777                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7845380                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.452671                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            143219749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           143218832                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        83741723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       218698657                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.451837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.382909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107226190                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    131430031                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22221404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35594                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2219156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252484047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199133698     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25834403     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10056997      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5422655      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4061449      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2263501      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1395671      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1249042      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3066631      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252484047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    107226190                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    131430031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             19705130                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12047203                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             17758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         18865995                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118428055                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2669656                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3066631                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          403068136                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         311369510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3497447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              60419771                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         107226190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           131430031                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    107226190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.956090                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.956090                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.338285                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.338285                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      647062901                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     198519122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     143585744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        35562                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       24521373                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20063987                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2389780                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10150174                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9655919                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2533410                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109155                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    235975881                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            137142938                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          24521373                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     12189329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            28626375                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6525621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     12836067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        14434031                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2391440                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    281545014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598117                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      252918639     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1337138      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2118611      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2868362      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2952788      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2499902      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1407686      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2074422      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13367466      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    281545014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077362                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      233543554                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     15291447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        28572781                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        32901                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4104330                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      4036741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    168263689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2014                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4104330                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      234187369                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2184903                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     11619193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        27969031                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1480185                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    168199742                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       220845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       634484                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    234683841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    782528258                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    782528258                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    203485851                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       31197961                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        41610                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21606                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         4365618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     15735210                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8532658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100466                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1986465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        167987240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41757                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       159515286                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21878                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18582740                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44539557                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281545014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214080799     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27714104      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14042543      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10620519      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8345141      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3378541      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2109603      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1106460      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       147304      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281545014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29982     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97059     36.66%     47.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137747     52.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134151758     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2385156      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19999      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14452580      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8505793      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    159515286                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            264788                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    600862251                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186612381                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157141988                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    159780074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       325543                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2516507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          645                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123647                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4104330                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1823326                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145258                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168029162                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        67782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15735210                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8532658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21611                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122437                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          645                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1389194                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1343307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2732501                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157333976                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13601106                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2181309                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           22106579                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       22357084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8505473                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.496368                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            157142233                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           157141988                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        90200507                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       243050274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.495763                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118619914                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    145959724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22069439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40337                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2420079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277440684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217587613     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29650996     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11214076      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5350560      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4490942      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2584162      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2266792      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1020778      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3274765      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277440684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    118619914                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    145959724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             21627714                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            13218703                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             20124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         21047913                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       131507534                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      3005579                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3274765                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          442194276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         340162738                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3572651                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              35425205                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         118619914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           145959724                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    118619914                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.672150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.672150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.374230                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.374230                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      708131991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     218886690                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     156002527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        40302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 28                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21404117                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19313401                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1124066                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8738157                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7686532                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1182617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        50004                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    227348583                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            134486322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21404117                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8869149                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26630006                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3526204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     31168661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13044074                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1128631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    287521021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      260891015     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         957855      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1950115      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         833914      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4429073      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3943807      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         769739      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1581367      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12164136      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    287521021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067527                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.424287                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      225032908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     33498056                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26532580                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        84134                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2373338                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1878218                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    157723077                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2355                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2373338                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      225324958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles      31081244                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1392740                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26359020                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       989716                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    157632180                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       501310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       318384                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        30308                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    185011750                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    742405798                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    742405798                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    164222143                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       20789584                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        18969                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2245780                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     37224286                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     18833136                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       172370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       912199                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        157333620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19025                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       151332585                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        92255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12062179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     28774464                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          764                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    287521021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526336                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    233143066     81.09%     81.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16623363      5.78%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13433070      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5804350      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7248936      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6869586      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3895613      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       311616      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       191421      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    287521021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        380597     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2906819     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        84801      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94918585     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1318984      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9060      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36307382     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     18778574     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    151332585                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477435                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3372217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593650661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169418800                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150035488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    154704802                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       274988                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1450245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          593                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3986                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       127820                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13334                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2373338                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles      30322379                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       290694                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    157352746                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     37224286                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18833136                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9908                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       180141                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          145                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3986                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       661921                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       656876                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1318797                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150280198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     36183771                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1052385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 101                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           54960190                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19690927                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         18776419                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474115                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            150039268                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           150035488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        81052368                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       159931321                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473343                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506795                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    121895781                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    143248819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14121010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18261                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1149125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    285147683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    232992490     81.71%     81.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19194789      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8941788      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8792612      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2433988      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10063859      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       764087      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       559711      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1404359      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    285147683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    121895781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    143248819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             54479343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            35774032                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              9116                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18916327                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       127383162                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1387542                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1404359                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          441112789                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         317113265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4884215                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              29449198                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         121895781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           143248819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    121895781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.600338                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.600338                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.384565                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.384565                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      742968087                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     174201225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     187821176                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        18234                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       24553015                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20088793                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2387880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10180500                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9667901                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2536198                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       109553                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236166009                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            137309411                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          24553015                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     12204099                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            28660103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6522120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     12767020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        14443774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2389923                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    281696920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598515                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      253036817     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1338769      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2120248      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2868911      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2958179      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2504584      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1412235      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        2072516      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       13384661      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    281696920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.433193                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      233728254                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     15226472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        28606550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        32947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      4102696                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      4042991                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    168467652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      4102696                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      234373678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2152096                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     11582845                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        28001280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1484322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    168404136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       221625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       636168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    234955467                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    783484150                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    783484150                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    203748019                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       31207414                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        41626                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         4371554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     15753727                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      8544061                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       100421                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      2041370                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        168192031                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41772                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       159713192                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18601333                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44567082                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1383                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    281696920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    214110763     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27798831      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14070206      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10612622      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8353396      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3386024      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2110075      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1108095      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       146908      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    281696920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30179     11.38%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        97317     36.71%     48.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137587     51.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134319710     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2388054      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20025      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14468127      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8517276      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    159713192                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.503874                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            265083                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    601410291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186835779                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    157340872                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    159978275                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       329206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2518008                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          645                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124224                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      4102696                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1790231                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       145114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168233971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        68125                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15753727                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8544061                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21601                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       122253                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          645                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1387176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1344731                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2731907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157533159                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13617674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2180030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 168                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           22134631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       22385339                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          8516957                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496997                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            157341116                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           157340872                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        90317229                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       243375396                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.496390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371103                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118772739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    146147740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22086226                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40389                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2418218                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    277594224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217629529     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29723936     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11223099      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5359017      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4519089      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2586646      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2255626      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1021043      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3276239      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    277594224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    118772739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    146147740                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             21655549                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            13235716                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             20150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         21075040                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       131676909                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      3009440                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3276239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          442551145                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         340570722                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3573017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              35273299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         118772739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           146147740                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    118772739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.668712                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.668712                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      709031895                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     219158191                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     156192815                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        40354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              316970219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22287234                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18222253                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2178774                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9393392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8812235                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2296006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    216580956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            126377395                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22287234                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11108241                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            26495727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6301284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      9908832                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13314787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2193060                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    257059777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      230564050     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1433669      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2267265      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3606238      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1508302      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1695986      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1777961      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1171909      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13034397      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    257059777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.398704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      214553784                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     11951969                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26413718                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        66539                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4073765                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3657952                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          479                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    154352000                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3110                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4073765                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      214863466                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2453899                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      8545872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26176249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       946524                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    154256781                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        48853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       263614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       344133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        73738                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    214132682                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    717550905                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    717550905                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    183115056                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       31017621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        40093                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22388                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2774906                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14716468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7913058                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       239204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1794861                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        154061713                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40210                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       145984869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       184480                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19240468                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42636146                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4508                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257059777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    195453616     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24753161      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13531900      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9204340      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8607651      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2483855      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1920192      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       656639      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       448423      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257059777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33940     12.65%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       102569     38.24%     50.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131708     49.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    122294552     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2303974      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17701      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13497726      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7870916      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    145984869                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.460563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            268217                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    549482212                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173343993                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    143652466                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    146253086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       445194                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2632121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          436                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1639                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       231577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9094                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4073765                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1538298                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       131282                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    154102076                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14716468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7913058                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96554                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1639                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1275618                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1240032                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2515650                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    143917784                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12698695                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2067085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 153                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20567519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       20264230                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7868824                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.454042                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            143653449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           143652466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        83986290                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       219350738                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453205                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382886                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107557458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    131835978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22266645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35702                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2225455                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252986012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199475037     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25910829     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10089150      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5435677      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4073610      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2271103      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1401221      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1252543      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3076842      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252986012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    107557458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    131835978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19765825                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12084344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17812                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18924296                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       118793782                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2677884                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3076842                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          404011078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         312279255                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3507789                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              59910442                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         107557458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           131835978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    107557458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.946985                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.946985                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      649015272                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     199120041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     143976109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        20889                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.826939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         182906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        22937                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         7.974277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.778038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.561331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1678.045940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         338.441630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.819358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.165255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 41504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                7638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  41587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        41586                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 41587                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               20888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                20889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20854                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               20889                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56794773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16844396285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16901191058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       807833                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       807833                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56794773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16845204118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16901998891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56794773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16845204118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16901998891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             62392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            7638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              62476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             62476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1622707.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807768.488227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 809134.003160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       807833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       807833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1622707.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807768.491321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 809133.940878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1622707.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807768.491321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 809133.940878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    2831                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           20889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        20854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          20889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53721773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15013054101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15066775874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       720033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       720033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53721773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15013774134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15067495907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53721773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  15013774134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15067495907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.334419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1534907.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719946.966911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721312.517905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       720033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       720033                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1534907.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719946.971037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721312.456652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1534907.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 719946.971037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 721312.456652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        20882                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.831519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         182861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        22930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.974749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.774238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.466166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1678.042451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         338.548664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.819357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.165307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 41466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  41550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        41549                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 41550                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               20881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                20882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20847                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               20882                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58954718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16861696256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16920650974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       699746                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       699746                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58954718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16862396002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    16921350720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58954718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16862396002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   16921350720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              62432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             62432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.334548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.334108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.334108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684420.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 808869.627554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810337.195249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       699746                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       699746                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684420.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 808864.393054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810331.899243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684420.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 808864.393054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810331.899243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2833                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           20882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          20882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55880179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15030664301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15086544480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       611946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       611946                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55880179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15031276247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15087156426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     55880179                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15031276247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15087156426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.334548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.334108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.334108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1596576.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721033.498081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722501.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       611946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       611946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1596576.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721028.265314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722495.758356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1596576.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721028.265314                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722495.758356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        21890                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.516260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         251529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        23938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        10.507519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.625073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.900456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1682.173375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         331.817357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.821374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.162020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 40918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               22253                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  41092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        41091                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 41092                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               21874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                21876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21835                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               21876                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84236413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18524808575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18609044988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2316017                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2316017                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84236413                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18527124592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    18611361005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84236413                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18527124592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   18611361005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             62792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           22253                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              62968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        62926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             62968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.348356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.347415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.347415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2054546.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848477.468740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 850738.090336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1158008.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1158008.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2054546.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848505.820563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 850766.182346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2054546.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848505.820563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 850766.182346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks              11800                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                   11800                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           21876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          21876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80635811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16607499411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16688135222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      2139696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2139696                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80635811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16609639107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16690274918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     80635811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  16609639107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16690274918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.347936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1966727.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 760660.441121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762921.057968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1069848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1069848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1966727.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 760688.761484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762949.118577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1966727.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 760688.761484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762949.118577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        34701                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.618264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         185174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        36749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.038885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.503329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.796387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1674.975204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         358.343345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.817859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.174972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        43889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 43890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9069                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9069                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        44005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  44006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        44005                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 44006                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               34665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                34694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34654                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               34694                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71183743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32134257607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32205441350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     28443178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28443178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71183743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32162700785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    32233884528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71183743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  32162700785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   32233884528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             78555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9069                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9069                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              78700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        78659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             78700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.441004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779593.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 928065.201646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929047.781624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 980799.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 980799.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779593.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 928109.331823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 929091.039603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1779593.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 928109.331823                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 929091.039603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5250                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5250                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           34694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        34654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          34694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67669422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29093519322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29161188744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     25896978                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25896978                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67669422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29119416300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29187085722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     67669422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29119416300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29187085722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.441004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.440560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1691735.550000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840246.045401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841228.580528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 892999.241379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 892999.241379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1691735.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840290.191608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841271.854557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1691735.550000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 840290.191608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841271.854557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        22022                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.523706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         251681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        24070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        10.456211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.532591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.508922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1683.121240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         331.360953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.821837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.161797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 41012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               22311                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  41186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        41185                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 41186                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               22006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                22008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21971                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               22008                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50438170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18649179718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18699617888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      2024453                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2024453                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50438170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18651204171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    18701642341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50438170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18651204171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   18701642341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             63018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           22311                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        63156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              63194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        63156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             63194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1363193.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 848886.144931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849750.881032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1012226.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1012226.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1363193.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 848901.013654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 849765.646174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1363193.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 848901.013654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 849765.646174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks              11812                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                   11812                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          22006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           22008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          22008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     47189570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16720105673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16767295243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1848853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1848853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     47189570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16721954526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16769144096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     47189570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16721954526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16769144096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.348825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.347885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1275393.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761077.230325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761941.981414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 924426.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924426.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1275393.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761092.099859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761956.747365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1275393.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761092.099859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761956.747365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        10239                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.139424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         233764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        12287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        19.025311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.635794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     4.904555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1417.367584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         584.231490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.692074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.285269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 33522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10441                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               10441                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  33780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33777                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 33780                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               10218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                10236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10194                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               10236                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108992071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8356873157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    8465865228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16747764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     16747764                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108992071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8373620921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     8482612992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108992071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8373620921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    8482612992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             43740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           10441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              44016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        43971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             44016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.065217                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2595049.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 821233.604265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828524.684674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 930431.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 930431.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2595049.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 821426.419561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828703.887456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2595049.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 821426.419561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828703.887456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5421                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5421                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          10218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           10236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        10194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          10236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105303536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7463168774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7568472310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15167364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15167364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105303536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7478336138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7583639674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    105303536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7478336138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7583639674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2507227.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 733408.881093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740699.971619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 842631.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842631.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2507227.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 733601.740043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740879.217859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2507227.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 733601.740043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740879.217859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        21953                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.526705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         251435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        24001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        10.476022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          30.468944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.650760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1685.579781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         328.827220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.823037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.160560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 40901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          22175                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               22175                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  41075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41074                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 41075                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               21938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                21939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21900                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               21939                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71730757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18858545561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   18930276318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       589898                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       589898                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71730757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18859135459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    18930866216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71730757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18859135459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   18930866216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             62839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        22175                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           22175                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             175                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              63014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        62974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             63014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.005714                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1839250.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861160.124252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862898.911387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       589898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       589898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1839250.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861147.737854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862886.467751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1839250.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 861147.737854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862886.467751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks              11788                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                   11788                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          21938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           21939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          21939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68306557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16935183698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17003490255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       502098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       502098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68306557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16935685796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17003992353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68306557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16935685796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17003992353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.348716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.347763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1751450.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773331.371204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775070.209454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       502098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       502098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1751450.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773318.986119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775057.767127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1751450.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 773318.986119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775057.767127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        14104                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.460173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         211979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        16152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        13.124009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.073851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.049674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1552.020325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         463.316323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.757822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.226229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 34212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10955                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               10955                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  34391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        34389                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 34391                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               14097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                14097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14053                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               14097                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91264775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11535040339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11626305114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91264775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11535040339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    11626305114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91264775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  11535040339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   11626305114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             48309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10955                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           10955                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              48488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        48442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             48488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2074199.431818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820824.047463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 824736.122154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2074199.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820824.047463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 824736.122154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2074199.431818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 820824.047463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 824736.122154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           14096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        14052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          14096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87400658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10299804307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10387204965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87400658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10299804307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10387204965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87400658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10299804307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10387204965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1986378.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732977.818602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736890.250071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1986378.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732977.818602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736890.250071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1986378.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 732977.818602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736890.250071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        40660                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.932033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         224958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        42708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.267350                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.638706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.482315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1846.313224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         196.497788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.901520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.095946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 48854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               14969                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  48888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        48887                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 48888                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               40610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                40660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40623                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               40660                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61941055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38399372645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38461313700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     75970876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     75970876                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61941055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38475343521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    38537284576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     61941055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  38475343521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   38537284576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             89464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           14969                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              89548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        89510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             89548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.595238                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674082.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 946426.752890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947089.724206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1519417.520000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1519417.520000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674082.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 947132.007016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947793.521299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1674082.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 947132.007016                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947793.521299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               6341                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    6341                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           40660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        40623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          40660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58691456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34836482722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34895174178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     71580054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71580054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58691456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34908062776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34966754232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58691456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34908062776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34966754232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.453838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1586255.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 858612.444779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859275.404531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1431601.080000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1431601.080000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1586255.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 859317.696280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859979.199016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1586255.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 859317.696280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859979.199016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        40502                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.933366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         224826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        42550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.283807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.621462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.565747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1846.941907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         195.804251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.901827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.095608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 48730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               14963                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  48762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        48761                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 48762                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40411                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               40450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                52                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                40502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40463                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               40502                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63617361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38803366096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38866983457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     84360127                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     84360127                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63617361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38887726223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    38951343584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     63617361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  38887726223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   38951343584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             89180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           14963                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              84                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              89264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        89224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             89264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.619048                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1631214.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960217.913340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960864.856786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1622310.134615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1622310.134615                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1631214.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 961068.784396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961714.077922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1631214.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 961068.784396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961714.077922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               6325                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    6325                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           40502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        40463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          40502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60193161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35254336473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35314529634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79793462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79793462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60193161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35334129935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35394323096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     60193161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35334129935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35394323096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.453499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1543414.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872394.557744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873041.523708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1534489.653846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1534489.653846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1543414.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 873245.432494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873890.748506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1543414.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 873245.432494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873890.748506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        14123                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.455495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         212040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        16171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.112362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.073080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.967157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1551.577331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         463.837927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.757606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.226483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 34260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               10968                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  34440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        34438                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 34440                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               14116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                14116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14074                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               14116                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70606100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11427741044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11498347144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70606100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11427741044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    11498347144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     70606100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11427741044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   11498347144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        48332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             48376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           10968                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        48512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              48556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        48512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             48556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.290114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.290114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1681097.619048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811975.347733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814561.288184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1681097.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811975.347733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814561.288184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1681097.619048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 811975.347733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814561.288184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               6288                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    6288                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           14115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          14115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66918500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10190756736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10257675236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66918500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10190756736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10257675236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     66918500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10190756736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10257675236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.291174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.290093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.290093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1593297.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724135.346834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726721.589515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1593297.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724135.346834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726721.589515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1593297.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 724135.346834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726721.589515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        34600                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.617631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         184957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        36648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.046851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.508129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.630019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1673.457303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         358.022180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.817118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.174816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        43714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 43715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9028                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                9028                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        43830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  43831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        43830                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 43831                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        34523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               34563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        34553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                34593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        34553                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               34593                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57608301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32550979926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32608588227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     30833202                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30833202                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57608301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32581813128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    32639421429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     57608301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32581813128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   32639421429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             78278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9028                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            9028                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              78424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             78424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.441262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.440823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.440823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1440207.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 942878.079136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943453.641958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1027773.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1027773.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1440207.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 942951.787920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943526.766369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1440207.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 942951.787920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943526.766369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5237                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5237                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        34523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        34553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           34593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        34553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          34593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54094798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29518958847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29573053645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28199202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28199202                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54094798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29547158049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29601252847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     54094798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29547158049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29601252847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.441262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.440823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.440823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352369.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855051.960925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855627.510488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 939973.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 939973.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352369.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855125.692386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855700.657561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1352369.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 855125.692386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855700.657561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        14089                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.465401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         211930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        16137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        13.133172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.084014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.085197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1551.582221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         463.713968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.757609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.226423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 34177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               10941                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  34354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        34352                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 34354                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               14082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                14082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14038                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               14082                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87952993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11722931993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11810884986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87952993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11722931993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    11810884986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87952993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11722931993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   11810884986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        48213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             48259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           10941                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        48390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              48436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        48390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             48436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1998931.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 835085.624234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838722.126545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1998931.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 835085.624234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838722.126545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1998931.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 835085.624234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838722.126545                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               6271                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    6271                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           14081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        14037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          14081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84088049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10489452412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10573540461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84088049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10489452412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10573540461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84088049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  10489452412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10573540461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1911092.022727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 747271.668590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750908.348910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1911092.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 747271.668590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750908.348910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1911092.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 747271.668590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750908.348910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        40617                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.930913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         224975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        42665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.273058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.685980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     1.554628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1846.940322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         195.749983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.901826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.095581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 48852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14989                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               14989                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  48886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48885                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 48886                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               40566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                51                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                40617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40580                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               40617                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67932014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38550548098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   38618480112                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     84854444                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     84854444                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67932014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38635402542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    38703334556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67932014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  38635402542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   38703334556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             89418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14989                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           14989                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              89503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        89465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             89503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1836000.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 951184.290212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951991.325544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1663812.627451                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1663812.627451                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1836000.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952079.904929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952885.111062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1836000.378378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 952079.904929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952885.111062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               6339                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    6339                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          40566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           40617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          40617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64683414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  34991394271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35056077685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     80376370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80376370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64683414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35071770641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35136454055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64683414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  35071770641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35136454055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.453585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1748200.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 863366.830442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864173.881699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1576007.254902                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1576007.254902                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1748200.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864262.460350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865067.682374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1748200.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864262.460350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865067.682374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        14111                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.456298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         211991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        16159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        13.119067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.070816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     5.027383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1552.793272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         462.564827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.758200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.225862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 34219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               10960                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  34399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        34397                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 34399                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               14104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                14104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14062                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               14104                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79003936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11624926004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11703929940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79003936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11624926004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    11703929940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79003936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  11624926004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   11703929940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        48279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             48323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           10960                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             180                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        48459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              48503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        48459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             48503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.291869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.290786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.290786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1881046.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 826690.798179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829830.540272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1881046.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 826690.798179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829830.540272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1881046.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 826690.798179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829830.540272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               6280                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    6280                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          14103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           14103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        14061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          14103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75316336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10388524338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10463840674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75316336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10388524338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10463840674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     75316336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10388524338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10463840674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.291245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.290163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1793246.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 738818.315767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741958.496348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1793246.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 738818.315767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741958.496348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1793246.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 738818.315767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741958.496348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        34744                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.618273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         185134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        36792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.031909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.199998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.688723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1672.719764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         360.009788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.816758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.175786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 43856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9064                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                9064                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 116                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  43972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        43971                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 43972                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               34707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                34737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34699                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               34737                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56239731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32149372703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32205612434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     25458975                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25458975                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56239731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32174831678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    32231071409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56239731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  32174831678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   32231071409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             78563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9064                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            9064                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              78709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        78670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             78709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.441773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.205479                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1479992.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927323.335054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 927928.441928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 848632.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848632.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1479992.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927255.300671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 927859.959380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1479992.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 927255.300671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 927859.959380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5256                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5256                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          34707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           34737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          34737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52903331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29104987190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29157890521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22824433                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22824433                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52903331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29127811623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29180714954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     52903331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29127811623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29180714954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.441070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1392192.921053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839510.432663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840115.553664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760814.433333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760814.433333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1392192.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839442.393815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840047.066644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1392192.921053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 839442.393815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 840047.066644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.910974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013973101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801017.941385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.736637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.174338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13940832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13940832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13940832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13940832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13940832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13940832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73452291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73452291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73452291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73452291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     73452291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73452291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13940881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13940881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13940881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13940881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13940881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13940881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1499026.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1499026.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1499026.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1499026.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1499026.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1499026.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57155313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57155313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57155313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57155313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57155313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57155313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1587647.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1587647.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1587647.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1587647.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1587647.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1587647.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62440                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243201407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3879.057787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   199.391068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    56.608932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.778871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.221129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20491964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20491964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946859                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24438823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24438823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24438823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24438823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       219080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       219444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       219444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       219444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97504992624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97504992624                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     37925962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37925962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97542918586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97542918586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  97542918586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97542918586                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20711044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20711044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9315                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24658267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24658267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24658267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24658267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010578                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 445065.695746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445065.695746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104192.203297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104192.203297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444500.276089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444500.276089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 444500.276089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444500.276089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       156724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          280                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       157004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       157004                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157004                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19738378656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19738378656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6185795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6185795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19744564451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19744564451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19744564451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19744564451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316543.374431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316543.374431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73640.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73640.416667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316216.599151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316216.599151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316216.599151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316216.599151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              559.854538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1013969880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1801012.220249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    34.713706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   525.140831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.055631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.841572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.897203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13937611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13937611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13937611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13937611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13937611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13937611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69631080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69631080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69631080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69631080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69631080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69631080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13937660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13937660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13937660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13937660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13937660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13937660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1421042.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1421042.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1421042.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1421042.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1421042.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1421042.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59317370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59317370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59317370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59317370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59317370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59317370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1647704.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647704.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1647704.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647704.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1647704.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647704.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              243206948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                62652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3881.870459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   200.314035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    55.685965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.782477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.217523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20498601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20498601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3945756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3945756                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     24444357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       24444357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     24444357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      24444357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       218669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       218669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       219041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       219041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       219041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       219041                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  97588519344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97588519344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37550247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37550247                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  97626069591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97626069591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  97626069591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97626069591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20717270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20717270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3946128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3946128                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9323                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9256                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     24663398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24663398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     24663398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24663398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 446284.198236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446284.198236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100941.524194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100941.524194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 445697.698563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445697.698563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 445697.698563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445697.698563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          287                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19752458788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19752458788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6147299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6147299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19758606087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19758606087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  19758606087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19758606087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 316997.942386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316997.942386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72321.164706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72321.164706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 316664.627332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316664.627332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 316664.627332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316664.627332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              521.803232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1088370188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  524                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2077042.343511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    40.738613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   481.064619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.065286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.770937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13702361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13702361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13702361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13702361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13702361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13702361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120185498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120185498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120185498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120185498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    120185498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120185498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13702420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13702420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13702420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13702420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13702420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13702420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2037042.338983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2037042.338983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2037042.338983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2037042.338983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2037042.338983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2037042.338983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84653424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84653424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84653424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84653424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     84653424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84653424                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2015557.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2015557.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2015557.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2015557.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2015557.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2015557.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                62926                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              186226338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                63182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              2947.458738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.251942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.748058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.915047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.084953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9660726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9660726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8173321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8173321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20220                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20220                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18813                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18813                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17834047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17834047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17834047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17834047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       215329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       220605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       220605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       220605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  90755159586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90755159586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3347802038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3347802038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  94102961624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94102961624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  94102961624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94102961624                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9876055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9876055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8178597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8178597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        20220                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20220                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18813                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18813                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18054652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18054652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18054652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18054652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 421472.071045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421472.071045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 634534.123958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 634534.123958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 426567.673552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426567.673552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 426567.673552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426567.673552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     39758563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 530114.173333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           22253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       152579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       157679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        62926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21398015270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21398015270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13592113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13592113                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21411607383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21411607383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  21411607383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21411607383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 341004.227410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341004.227410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77227.914773                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77227.914773                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340266.461924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340266.461924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 340266.461924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340266.461924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              528.260442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1092495832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2057430.945386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    39.197668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   489.062775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.062817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.783754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13309355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13309355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13309355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13309355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13309355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13309355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98831914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98831914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98831914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98831914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     98831914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98831914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13309413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13309413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13309413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13309413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13309413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13309413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703998.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1703998.517241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703998.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1703998.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1703998.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1703998.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71593702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71593702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71593702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71593702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     71593702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71593702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1746187.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746187.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1746187.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746187.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1746187.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746187.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                78659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              194021978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                78915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2458.619755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.342484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.657516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.915400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.084600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9222503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9222503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7639894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7639894                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        22091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22091                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16862397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16862397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16862397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16862397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1019                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       206641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       206641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       206641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       206641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  90005177673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90005177673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    383992622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    383992622                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  90389170295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90389170295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  90389170295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90389170295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9428125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9428125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7640913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7640913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        22091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22091                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17069038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17069038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17069038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17069038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 437721.535988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437721.535988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 376832.798822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 376832.798822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 437421.277941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437421.277941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 437421.277941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437421.277941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156118                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156118                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       127982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        78659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35303925150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35303925150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     36172235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36172235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35340097385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35340097385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  35340097385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35340097385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 449651.337978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449651.337978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 249463.689655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249463.689655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 449282.312069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449282.312069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 449282.312069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449282.312069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              519.142648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1088374509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2093027.901923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.142648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.059523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13706682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13706682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13706682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13706682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13706682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13706682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66252594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66252594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66252594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66252594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66252594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66252594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13706732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13706732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13706732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13706732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13706732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13706732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1325051.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1325051.880000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1325051.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1325051.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1325051.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1325051.880000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50825291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50825291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50825291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50825291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     50825291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50825291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1337507.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337507.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1337507.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337507.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1337507.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1337507.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                63156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              186227142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                63412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2936.780767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.253650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.746350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.915053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.084947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9662016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9662016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8173188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8173188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18814                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18814                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17835204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17835204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17835204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17835204                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       215021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       220328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       220328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       220328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       220328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  90134865946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90134865946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3362234646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3362234646                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  93497100592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93497100592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  93497100592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93497100592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9877037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9877037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8178495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8178495                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18814                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18814                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18055532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18055532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18055532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18055532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 419190.990396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419190.990396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 633547.135105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 633547.135105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 424354.147417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424354.147417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 424354.147417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424354.147417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     36536893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 507456.847222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           22311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       157172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157172                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        63156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        63156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21529991194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21529991194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     13283430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13283430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21543274624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21543274624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21543274624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21543274624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341854.417180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341854.417180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 75474.034091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75474.034091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341112.081576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341112.081576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 341112.081576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341112.081576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              495.925467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1090978711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2181957.422000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    40.925467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.065586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14854697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14854697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14854697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       14854697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     14854697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      14854697                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165657189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165657189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165657189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165657189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    165657189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165657189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14854755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14854755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14854755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     14854755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     14854755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     14854755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2856158.431034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2856158.431034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2856158.431034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2856158.431034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2856158.431034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2856158.431034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4027158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 1006789.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109551447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109551447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109551447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109551447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109551447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109551447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2434476.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2434476.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2434476.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2434476.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2434476.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2434476.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                43971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              179069196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                44227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4048.865987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.553866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.446134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11865192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11865192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8808332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8808332                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        21392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20673524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       20673524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20673524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      20673524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       113109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       113109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       115878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       115878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       115878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       115878                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25516070323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25516070323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    312231209                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    312231209                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25828301532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25828301532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25828301532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25828301532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11978301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11978301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8811101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8811101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22963                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        21392                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21392                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20789402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20789402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20789402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20789402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 225588.329160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225588.329160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 112759.555435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112759.555435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 222892.192927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222892.192927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 222892.192927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222892.192927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       646415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 161603.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           10441                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        69414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        71907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        71907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        71907                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        43971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10621626219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10621626219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     35763669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35763669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10657389888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10657389888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  10657389888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10657389888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 243085.621215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243085.621215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 129578.510870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129578.510870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242373.152487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242373.152487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 242373.152487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242373.152487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              519.950791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1088346400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2084954.789272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.869175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   481.081616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.770964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13678573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13678573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13678573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13678573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13678573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13678573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98843986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98843986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98843986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98843986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     98843986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98843986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13678627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13678627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13678627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13678627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13678627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13678627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1830444.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1830444.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1830444.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1830444.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1830444.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1830444.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72128989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72128989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72128989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72128989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     72128989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72128989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803224.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1803224.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803224.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1803224.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1803224.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1803224.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                62974                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              186190210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                63230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2944.649850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.247339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.752661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9639198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9639198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8158857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8158857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17798055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17798055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17798055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17798055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       215301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       215301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5223                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       220524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       220524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       220524                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  91047218167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91047218167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3293685475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3293685475                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  94340903642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  94340903642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  94340903642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  94340903642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9854499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9854499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8164080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8164080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18018579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18018579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18018579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18018579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 422883.396580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422883.396580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 630611.808348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 630611.808348                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 427803.339510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427803.339510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 427803.339510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427803.339510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42181138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            77                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 547806.987013                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           22175                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       152502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       157550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157550                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        62974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21730884399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21730884399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11823865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11823865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21742708264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21742708264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21742708264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21742708264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 346038.701237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346038.701237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67564.942857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67564.942857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345264.843650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345264.843650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 345264.843650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345264.843650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              519.863556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1087592627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2087509.840691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    44.863556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.071897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14457090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14457090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14457090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       14457090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     14457090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      14457090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101707348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101707348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101707348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101707348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101707348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101707348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14457147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14457147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14457147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     14457147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     14457147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     14457147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1784339.438596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1784339.438596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1784339.438596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1784339.438596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1784339.438596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1784339.438596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1071052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       535526                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91795099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91795099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91795099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91795099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91795099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91795099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995545.630435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995545.630435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995545.630435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995545.630435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1995545.630435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1995545.630435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                48442                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              180560762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                48698                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3707.765452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.552314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.447686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9951330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9951330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8376626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8376626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18327956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       18327956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     18327956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      18327956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       155052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1051                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1051                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       156103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       156103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       156103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       156103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52254040682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52254040682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     88485846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88485846                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52342526528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52342526528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  52342526528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52342526528                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     10106382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10106382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8377677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8377677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        21767                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21767                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18484059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18484059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     18484059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18484059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337009.781764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337009.781764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84192.051380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84192.051380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335307.627195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335307.627195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335307.627195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335307.627195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           10955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       106789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        48442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13882970507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13882970507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     11538030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11538030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13894508537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13894508537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13894508537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13894508537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287652.456478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287652.456478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64458.268156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64458.268156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 286827.722575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286827.722575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 286827.722575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286827.722575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              576.370502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1120577408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1928704.660929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    36.082933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   540.287569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.057825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.865845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.923671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13050090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13050090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13050090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13050090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13050090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13050090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88034983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88034983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88034983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88034983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88034983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88034983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13050149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13050149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13050149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13050149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13050149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13050149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1492118.355932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1492118.355932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1492118.355932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1492118.355932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1492118.355932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1492118.355932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62313699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62313699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62313699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62313699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62313699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62313699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1639834.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1639834.184211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1639834.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1639834.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1639834.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1639834.184211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                89510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              488104765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                89766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5437.523840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.913849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.086151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     34172792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34172792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     18708300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18708300                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9141                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9126                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9126                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     52881092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       52881092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     52881092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      52881092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       327662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       327662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          366                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       328028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       328028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       328028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       328028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159259696997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159259696997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    291015274                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291015274                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159550712271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159550712271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 159550712271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159550712271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     34500454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34500454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     18708666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18708666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9141                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9141                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9126                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9126                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     53209120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53209120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     53209120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53209120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 486048.723981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486048.723981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 795123.699454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795123.699454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 486393.576984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486393.576984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 486393.576984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486393.576984                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       235138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       235138                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           14969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       238236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       238236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       238518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       238518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       238518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       238518                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        89510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42073749301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42073749301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     78712213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78712213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42152461514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42152461514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42152461514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42152461514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 470486.763369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470486.763369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 937050.154762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 937050.154762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 470924.606346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470924.606346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 470924.606346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470924.606346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              577.185010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1120538513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1922021.463122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    37.990621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   539.194390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.060882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.864094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.924976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13011195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13011195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13011195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13011195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13011195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13011195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87754778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87754778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87754778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87754778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87754778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87754778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13011259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13011259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13011259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13011259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13011259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13011259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1371168.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1371168.406250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1371168.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1371168.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1371168.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1371168.406250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64006667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64006667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64006667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64006667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     64006667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64006667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1600166.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1600166.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1600166.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1600166.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1600166.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1600166.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                89224                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              487916328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                89480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5452.797586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.914538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.085462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     34051594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34051594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     18640519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18640519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9714                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         9095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     52692113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       52692113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     52692113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      52692113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       325899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       325899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       326247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       326247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       326247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       326247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160104499749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 160104499749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    307305409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    307305409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160411805158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 160411805158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 160411805158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 160411805158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     34377493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34377493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18640867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18640867                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9714                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         9095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     53018360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53018360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     53018360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53018360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 491270.300765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 491270.300765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 883061.520115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883061.520115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 491688.215242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491688.215242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 491688.215242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491688.215242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14963                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       236759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       237023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       237023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237023                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        89224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42467353220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42467353220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     87003496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87003496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42554356716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42554356716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  42554356716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42554356716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 476411.860220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476411.860220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1035755.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035755.904762                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 476938.455079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476938.455079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 476938.455079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476938.455079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.811149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1087602068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2095572.385356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.811149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.068608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14466531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14466531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14466531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       14466531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     14466531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      14466531                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81284732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81284732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81284732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81284732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81284732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81284732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14466587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14466587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14466587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     14466587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     14466587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     14466587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1451513.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1451513.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1451513.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1451513.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1451513.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1451513.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71131712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71131712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71131712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71131712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71131712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71131712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1616629.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616629.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1616629.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616629.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1616629.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616629.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                48512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              180583920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                48768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3702.918307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.548873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.451127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9964651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9964651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8386776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8386776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        21431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        20193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18351427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       18351427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     18351427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      18351427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       155038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1059                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1059                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       156097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       156097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       156097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       156097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  51477351185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  51477351185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     89386978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89386978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  51566738163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51566738163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  51566738163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51566738163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     10119689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10119689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8387835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8387835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        20193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18507524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18507524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     18507524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18507524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 332030.542093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332030.542093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84406.966950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84406.966950                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330350.603554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 330350.603554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330350.603554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 330350.603554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           10968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       106706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       107585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       107585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107585                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        48332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        48512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        48512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13778915086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13778915086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     11623907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11623907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13790538993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13790538993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13790538993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13790538993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 285088.866300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285088.866300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64577.261111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64577.261111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 284270.675153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284270.675153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 284270.675153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284270.675153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              528.732186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1092462125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2057367.467043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    39.615253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   489.116932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.063486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.783841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13275648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13275648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13275648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13275648                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13275648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13275648                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92168634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92168634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92168634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92168634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     92168634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92168634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13275711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13275711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13275711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13275711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13275711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13275711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1462994.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1462994.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1462994.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1462994.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1462994.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1462994.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58050547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58050547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58050547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58050547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58050547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58050547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1415867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1415867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1415867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1415867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1415867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1415867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                78383                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              193979156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                78639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              2466.704256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.336783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.663217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.915378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.084622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9198702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9198702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7620990                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7620990                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22017                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22017                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17781                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16819692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       16819692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16819692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      16819692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       204778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       205791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       205791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       205791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       205791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  90458334377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90458334377                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    401568160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    401568160                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  90859902537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90859902537                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  90859902537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90859902537                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9403480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9403480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7622003                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7622003                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        22017                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22017                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17781                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17025483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17025483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17025483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17025483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 441738.538207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441738.538207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 396414.768016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 396414.768016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 441515.433313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441515.433313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 441515.433313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441515.433313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9028                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       126541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35708215269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35708215269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     38570301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38570301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35746785570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35746785570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  35746785570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35746785570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 456410.844856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456410.844856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 264180.143836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264180.143836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 456052.786574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456052.786574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 456052.786574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 456052.786574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.574063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1087569506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2087465.462572                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    44.574063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.071433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14433969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14433969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14433969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       14433969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14433969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      14433969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102638285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102638285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102638285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102638285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    102638285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102638285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14434030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14434030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14434030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     14434030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14434030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     14434030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1682594.836066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1682594.836066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1682594.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1682594.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1682594.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1682594.836066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       818166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       818166                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88476967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88476967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88476967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88476967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     88476967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88476967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1923412.326087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923412.326087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1923412.326087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923412.326087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1923412.326087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1923412.326087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                48390                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180547133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                48646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3711.448691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.552770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.447230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.087684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9945366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9945366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8369290                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8369290                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21457                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21457                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18314656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       18314656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     18314656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      18314656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       154938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       154938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1040                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       155978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       155978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       155978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       155978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  52822825051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52822825051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     87284443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87284443                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  52910109494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52910109494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  52910109494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52910109494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     10100304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10100304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8370330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8370330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        21457                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21457                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18470634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18470634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     18470634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18470634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340928.791200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340928.791200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83927.349038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83927.349038                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339215.206593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 339215.206593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 339215.206593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 339215.206593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           10941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       106725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       107588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       107588                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107588                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        48213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        48390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        48390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14068435106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14068435106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     11409846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11409846                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14079844952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14079844952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14079844952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14079844952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 291797.546429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291797.546429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64462.406780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64462.406780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 290966.004381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290966.004381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 290966.004381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290966.004381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              577.343147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1120571334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1928694.206540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.281308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.061839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.925229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13044016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13044016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13044016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13044016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13044016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13044016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97254692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97254692                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97254692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97254692                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97254692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97254692                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13044074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13044074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13044074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13044074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13044074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13044074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676805.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1676805.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676805.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1676805.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1676805.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1676805.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68330288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68330288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68330288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68330288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68330288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68330288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798165.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798165.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798165.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798165.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1798165.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798165.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                89465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              488041325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                89721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5439.543975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.915675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.084325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     34130536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      34130536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     18686458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     18686458                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9808                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9117                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9117                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     52816994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       52816994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     52816994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      52816994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       326079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       326432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       326432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       326432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       326432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159025070251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 159025070251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    318010938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    318010938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159343081189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 159343081189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 159343081189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 159343081189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     34456615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34456615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     18686811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18686811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9117                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9117                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     53143426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53143426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     53143426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53143426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 487688.781709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487688.781709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 900880.844193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900880.844193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 488135.603093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488135.603093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 488135.603093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488135.603093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           14989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        89465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42223743708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42223743708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     87610336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87610336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42311354044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42311354044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  42311354044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42311354044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 472407.067666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472407.067666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1030709.835294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030709.835294                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 472937.506779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472937.506779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 472937.506779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472937.506779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.287006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1087579252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2095528.423892                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.287006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14443715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14443715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14443715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       14443715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     14443715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      14443715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90147713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90147713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90147713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90147713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     90147713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90147713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14443773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14443773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14443773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     14443773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     14443773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     14443773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1554270.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1554270.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1554270.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1554270.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1554270.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1554270.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289033                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289033                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79505830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79505830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79505830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79505830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79505830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79505830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1806950.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806950.681818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1806950.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806950.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1806950.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806950.681818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                48459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180566556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                48715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3706.590496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.555672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.444328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9954020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9954020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8380040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8380040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        21450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21450                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18334060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       18334060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     18334060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      18334060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       155130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       155130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       156192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       156192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       156192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       156192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  52488458124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52488458124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     89291028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89291028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  52577749152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52577749152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  52577749152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52577749152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     10109150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10109150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8381102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8381102                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        21450                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21450                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18490252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18490252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     18490252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18490252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338351.435080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338351.435080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84078.180791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84078.180791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336622.548863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336622.548863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336622.548863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336622.548863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           10960                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       106851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107733                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        48279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        48459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        48459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13973310087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13973310087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     11618252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11618252                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13984928339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13984928339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13984928339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13984928339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 289428.324675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289428.324675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64545.844444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64545.844444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 288593.003137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288593.003137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 288593.003137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288593.003137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.329812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1092501209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2065219.676749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.329812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13314732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13314732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13314732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13314732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13314732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13314732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80637212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80637212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80637212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80637212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80637212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80637212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13314787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13314787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13314787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13314787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13314787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13314787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1466131.127273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1466131.127273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1466131.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1466131.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1466131.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1466131.127273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56634216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56634216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56634216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56634216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     56634216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56634216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1452159.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452159.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1452159.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452159.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1452159.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452159.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                78670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              194029398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                78926                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2458.371107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.343177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.656823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9225273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9225273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7644445                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7644445                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        22179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16869718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16869718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16869718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16869718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1004                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1004                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       206172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       206172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  89959252310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  89959252310                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    342816767                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    342816767                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90302069077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90302069077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90302069077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90302069077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9430441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9430441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7645449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7645449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        22179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17075890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17075890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17075890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17075890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438466.292550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438466.292550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 341450.963147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341450.963147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 437993.855019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437993.855019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 437993.855019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437993.855019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       169048                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       169048                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       126644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        78670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35317755768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35317755768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33198479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33198479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35350954247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35350954247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  35350954247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35350954247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449770.207427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449770.207427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 227386.842466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227386.842466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449357.496466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449357.496466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449357.496466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449357.496466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
