
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.012373                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12373142268                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537200735805                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 379930                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   481212                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 292645                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 42280.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16063611506                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20345858549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       424448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       270080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       269312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       452736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       254080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       121216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       453760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       424576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       454400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       454784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       253184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4685568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1240960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1240960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 36606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       393110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13303654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21827923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21765853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36590220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20534800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       413799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13345034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9796703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9765668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     36672980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34314323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       362075                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     36724705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       351730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36755740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20462385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               378688606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       393110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       413799                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       362075                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       351730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5834573                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100294652                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100294652                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100294652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     34303978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       393110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13303654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21827923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       300005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21765853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36590220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20534800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       413799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13345034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9796703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9765668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     36672980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34314323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       362075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     36724705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       351730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36755740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       372420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20462385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              478983258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2080485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       850621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9101                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11810643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2080485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2472148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        598907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       980800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1242715                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21546229     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         133524      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210983      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         336437      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         139210      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         155928      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         166470      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         108764      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1220832      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24018377                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070117                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19981117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1177690                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2464188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         6375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       341044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14416432                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1618                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       20012526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        260604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       825274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2439642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        91322                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14406460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         2920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        24932                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        34159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5543                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20000173                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67010270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67010270                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17023993                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2976158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          273976                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1373186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       737804                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       168917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14386310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3723                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13601757                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843718                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4134859                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          404                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18282526     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302822      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258189      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       858593      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       803240      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229388      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180506      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61062      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42051      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24018377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3177     12.69%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9589     38.29%     50.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12278     49.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11394115     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215284      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1646      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1257515      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733197      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13601757                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.458407                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25044                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001841                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51264597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16233902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13380615                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13626801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41906                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       249627                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          156                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        23587                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       389004                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        168674                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14390056                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          935                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1373186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       737804                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2065                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9446                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          156                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118661                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       236728                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13406277                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195479                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1915516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1886609                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           732887                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.451819                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13380810                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13380615                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7824007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20436981                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.450954                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12257191                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2132918                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       209243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518727                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18652360     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2411212     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       938521      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505979      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377329      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210594      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131198      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115914      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       286266      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23629373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12257191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1837776                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1123559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1759628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11044453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       248995                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       286266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37733151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29169275                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                329241                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               5653428                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12257191                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.967180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.967180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.337020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.337020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60452600                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18547943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13449279                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2300332                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1882556                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227613                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       971538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905628                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10311                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22197041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             12856154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2300332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1143097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2685374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        619216                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1163938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles          788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1359444                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     26435830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932495                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       23750456     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         125742      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         200002      0.76%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         269175      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         276275      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         233686      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         131396      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         194852      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1254246      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     26435830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077526                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.433278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       21972074                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1391912                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2680315                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         3110                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       388416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       378070                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     15778666                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       388416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22032490                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        200427                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053113                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2623755                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       137626                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     15772240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        19720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        59406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22012517                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     73369591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     73369591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19084062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2928428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3858                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          412978                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1479979                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       799002                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       227698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         15750702                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3870                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        14964271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2231                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1734746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4140916                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26435830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20071111     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2644502     10.00%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1331792      5.04%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       981011      3.71%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       774100      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315463      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199709      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103953      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14189      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26435830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2712     10.83%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9134     36.47%     47.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13199     52.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12586301     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222560      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357166      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796368      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     14964271                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.504326                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25045                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56391648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17489384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14735526                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     14989316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       240201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10323                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       388416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        168201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13382                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15754598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5015                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1479979                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799002                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1981                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11267                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132489                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127275                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       259764                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14754172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2072424                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2096707                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           796285                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.497246                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             14735663                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            14735526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8459663                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        22799391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.496617                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11124698                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13689048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2065561                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3783                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       230233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26047414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20404151     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2810068     10.79%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1050205      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499653      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       439581      1.69%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       243314      0.93%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       201389      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96041      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303012      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26047414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11124698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13689048                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2028457                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1239778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1974029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12333706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       281957                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       303012                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           41498933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          31897660                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                338400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3235975                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11124698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13689048                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11124698                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.667201                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.667201                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.374925                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.374925                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       66406339                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20529633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      14623542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3778                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               29671804                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2020430                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       162540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1366284                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333552                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118113                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4818                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21435241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11489008                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2020430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1451665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2560451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        536804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       885092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1298443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       159224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     25254184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22693733     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         394747      1.56%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         193348      0.77%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         390655      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         120034      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         363500      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          55834      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          90262      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         952071      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     25254184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068093                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.387203                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21252028                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1073581                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2555240                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2009                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       185718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2054                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     12811112                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         4843                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21273458                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        729850                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       276328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2533566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        69656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     12790846                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         9750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        52568                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     16718499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     57911075                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     57911075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13497304                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3221195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1677                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          165536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2348012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       365392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3144                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        82094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         12724137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1681                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        11895194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2343664                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4819546                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25254184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471019                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20042261     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1616922      6.40%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1771666      7.02%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1014596      4.02%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       519986      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130829      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151338      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3653      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2933      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25254184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19435     56.96%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8130     23.83%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6554     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9302036     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90830      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          823      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139789     17.99%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       361716      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     11895194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.400892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34119                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49086594                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15069519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11589442                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     11929313                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       488563                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       371322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        654345                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8521                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12725831                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2348012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       365392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          852                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4311                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          253                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109284                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62616                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       171900                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11746915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       148279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2471605                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1788588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           361667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.395895                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             11592740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            11589442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7020868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        15144995                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.390588                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.463577                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9234051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     10364857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2361474                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       161345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24882862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.284067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21039282     84.55%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1498477      6.02%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       972678      3.91%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       306393      1.23%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513109      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97763      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62258      0.25%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56170      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336732      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24882862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9234051                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     10364857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2215242                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1859449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1592832                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9049111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       126709                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       336732                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37272422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          25824274                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                485558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4417620                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9234051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            10364857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9234051                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.213303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.213303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.311206                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.311206                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       54658646                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      15064700                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13663899                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2019875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1808475                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       163385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1364882                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1333663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117837                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4808                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21445540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11485762                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2019875                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1451500                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2560053                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        539015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       913677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1299602                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       160053                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     25294042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       22733989     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         394096      1.56%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         193898      0.77%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         390879      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         120582      0.48%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         363111      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          55979      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          90087      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         951421      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     25294042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.387093                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       21261667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1102841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2554805                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2024                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       185590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2046                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12806882                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4831                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       21283125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        752087                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       283640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2533150                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        69335                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12786515                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        52415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16712863                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     57892688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     57892688                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     13482572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3230260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1678                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          164342                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2348550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       364557                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3108                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        81151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12720172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1684                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11889160                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8197                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2350486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4835937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25294042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20084060     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1617803      6.40%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1769922      7.00%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1013543      4.01%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       520049      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       130872      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       151178      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3660      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2955      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25294042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         19461     57.01%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8117     23.78%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6558     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9297115     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        90571      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          822      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2139715     18.00%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       360937      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11889160                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.400689                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             34136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49114691                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15072379                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11581923                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11923296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       490195                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           41                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       372701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        676291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8698                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12721871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2348550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       364557                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          855                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           41                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       109887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        62831                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       172718                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11740153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2109437                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       149003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2470303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1787215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           360866                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.395667                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11584976                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11581923                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7015001                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        15134498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.390334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463511                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9225325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     10354072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2368327                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1660                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       162194                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24921341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415470                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21082166     84.59%     84.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1496804      6.01%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       971544      3.90%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305280      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       513014      2.06%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97741      0.39%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        62350      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        56057      0.22%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       336385      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24921341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9225325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     10354072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2213529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1858355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1591230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9039420                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       126477                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       336385                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37307316                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          25817803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                485670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               4377763                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9225325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            10354072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9225325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.216343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.216343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.310912                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.310912                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       54627731                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      15055074                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13658829                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1658                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2301195                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1882878                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227456                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       971095                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10274                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22187629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12859454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2301195                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1143359                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2685888                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        618423                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1173972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1359100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227469                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     26436213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       23750325     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         125581      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         199568      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         269646      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         276509      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         234340      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         131616      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         194182      0.73%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1254446      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     26436213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077555                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.433390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       21962555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1401961                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2680789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3129                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       387776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       378591                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15781308                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       387776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       22022793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        197809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1066111                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2624424                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       137297                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15774754                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19628                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        59337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     22016045                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     73378551                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     73378551                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     19090068                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2925967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3873                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1994                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          411752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1479250                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       799519                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9297                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       216188                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15753605                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3886                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14969141                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2387                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1730417                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4128214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26436213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20079909     75.96%     75.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2631255      9.95%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1329360      5.03%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       986383      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       776472      2.94%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315299      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199385      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103876      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14274      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26436213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2635     10.47%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9142     36.32%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13394     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12590396     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222819      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1876      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357241      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       796809      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14969141                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.504490                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25171                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56402052                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17487970                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14740787                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14994312                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30898                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239104                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       387776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        165474                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13388                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15757514                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4938                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1479250                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799519                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11282                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132030                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127663                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       259693                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14759320                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1276778                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2073509                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2098145                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           796731                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.497419                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14740906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14740787                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8462458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        22803417                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.496794                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11128155                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13693292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2064225                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3784                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       230077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26048437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20411828     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2802220     10.76%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1051408      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500404      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434816      1.67%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242827      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205013      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95801      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304120      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26048437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11128155                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13693292                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2029042                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1240143                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1888                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1974642                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        12337510                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       282038                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       304120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           41501756                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          31902835                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                338260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3235592                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11128155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13693292                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11128155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.666372                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.666372                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.375041                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.375041                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       66428180                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      20536592                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      14627928                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3780                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2301888                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1883420                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227520                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       971397                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905903                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237821                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10282                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22194765                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             12863550                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2301888                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1143724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2686729                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        618588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      1141538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles          716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1359529                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     26411897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       23725168     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         125622      0.48%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         199643      0.76%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         269738      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         276561      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         234412      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         131660      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         194248      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1254845      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     26411897                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433528                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       21969609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1369649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2681630                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         3132                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       387874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       378718                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15786273                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       387874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22029869                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        200994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1030555                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2625240                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       137362                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15779663                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        19675                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        59343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     22022927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     73401447                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     73401447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     19096181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2926729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          411940                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1479694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       799791                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       216231                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15758477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        14973863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2388                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1730861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4129074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26411897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20053527     75.93%     75.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2632181      9.97%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1329770      5.03%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       986690      3.74%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       776676      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315412      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199460      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103900      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14281      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26411897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2637     10.47%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9151     36.33%     46.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13401     53.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12594341     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222884      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357684      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       797077      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     14973863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.504650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25189                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56387200                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17493291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14745434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     14999052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30911                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239155                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10629                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       387874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        168636                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13396                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15762391                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4936                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1479694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799791                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11287                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132074                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127695                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       259769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14763977                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277200                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2074200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        2098787                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           797000                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.497576                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14745547                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14745434                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8465217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        22810586                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.496951                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11131745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     13697650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2064754                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3788                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       230144                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26024023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20385530     78.33%     78.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2803195     10.77%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1051755      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500563      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434981      1.67%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242903      0.93%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205056      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95839      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304201      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26024023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     11131745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     13697650                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2029701                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1240539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1975237                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12341475                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       282129                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       304201                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           41482148                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          31912697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                338375                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               3259908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          11131745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            13697650                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     11131745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.665512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.665512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375162                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375162                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       66449236                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      20543036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      14632626                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2029065                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1830312                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107781                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       763490                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         723182                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111388                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4739                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21502371                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12748932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2029065                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       834570                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2521009                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        341077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2825241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           44                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1235134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27080531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24559522     90.69%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          90049      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         184028      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          77649      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         417984      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         373846      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          71560      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         150889      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1155004      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27080531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.429665                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       21279801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      3050746                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2511540                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         8050                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       230391                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       178537                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          248                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14948201                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1498                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       230391                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       21308267                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2830596                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       122486                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2494124                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        94664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14939045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           47                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        48989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        31220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          610                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     17545875                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     70350222                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     70350222                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     15520103                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2025772                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1739                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          883                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          221554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      3521324                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      1779343                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        87334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14908046                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1744                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14312903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8741                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1181815                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2853442                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27080531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21938844     81.01%     81.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1568594      5.79%     86.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274610      4.71%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       547714      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       684528      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649585      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369009      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29320      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18327      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27080531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35993     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275234     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8030      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8981926     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125195      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3430239     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1774687     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14312903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.482374                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319257                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022306                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56034335                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16092001                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14189122                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14632160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26223                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       141502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          399                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1259                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       230391                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2757971                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14909811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3521324                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1779343                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          882                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          399                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64435                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       126049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14212518                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3418985                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100385                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            5193475                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1862382                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          1774490                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.478991                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14189576                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14189122                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7668358                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        15146935                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.478202                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11518308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13535824                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1375706                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       109915                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26850140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21920965     81.64%     81.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1814784      6.76%     88.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       846251      3.15%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       830576      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       228929      0.85%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       950156      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72367      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52784      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133328      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26850140                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11518308                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13535824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              5146921                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             3379822                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1787287                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12036755                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       131082                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       133328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           41628303                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30053474                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                463301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2591274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11518308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13535824                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11518308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.576056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.576056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.388190                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.388190                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       70251284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      16482111                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      17788559                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               29671621                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2185787                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792948                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215903                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904085                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         853450                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223251                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9553                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20865724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12417179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2185787                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1076701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2729767                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        612329                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1978068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1286776                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214494                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25966296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584733                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23236529     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         293731      1.13%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         341333      1.31%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         188557      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         218640      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         119346      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          81628      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         212040      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1274492      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25966296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073666                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.418487                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20699212                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2148262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2707797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        20531                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       390492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       354091                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15155075                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       390492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20730761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        671119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1386430                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2697735                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        89757                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15145362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        23659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        41327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21047079                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     70511437                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     70511437                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17953532                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3093488                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3897                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          243248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       786877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20556                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       172841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15120240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3902                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14282170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19909                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1896862                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4401380                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          380                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25966296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19945789     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2423621      9.33%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1299278      5.00%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       901670      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       787029      3.03%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       402772      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96568      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62953      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46616      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25966296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3655     11.87%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13247     43.02%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13893     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11956074     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       223121      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1748      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1320247      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       780980      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14282170                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.481341                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30795                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54581340                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17021170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14044817                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14312965                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35735                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       257555                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          332                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       390492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        621224                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15311                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15124169                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       786877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2143                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10671                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124923                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121306                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       246229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14071312                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1240179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       210858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2020913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1969255                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           780734                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474235                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14045152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14044817                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8348242                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21866350                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473342                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381785                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10543491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12935909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2188458                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3522                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       216916                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25575804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505787                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20289365     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2452602      9.59%     88.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1027319      4.02%     92.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       616068      2.41%     95.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       428333      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       276003      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143385      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115024      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227705      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25575804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10543491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12935909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1959797                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1189853                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1851407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11662312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       263260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       227705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           40472401                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30639319                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                321196                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3705325                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10543491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12935909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10543491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.814212                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.814212                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63471505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19494075                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14144812                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2301861                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1883396                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       227519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       971390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         905895                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237819                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10282                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22194560                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12863396                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2301861                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1143714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2686697                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        618586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      1166585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1359518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       227534                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     26435978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597696                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23749281     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         125619      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         199643      0.76%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         269732      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         276558      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         234413      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         131660      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         194245      0.73%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1254827      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     26435978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077577                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433523                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       21968705                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      1394665                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2681598                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         3134                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       387873                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       378715                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15786096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       387873                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22028967                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        196033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1060538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2625213                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       137351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15779499                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        19661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        59348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     22022685                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     73400692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     73400692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     19095933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2926752                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          411937                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1479682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       799782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       216231                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15758294                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3891                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14973700                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2384                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1730849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4128968                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26435978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20077648     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2632196      9.96%     85.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1329752      5.03%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       986699      3.73%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       776612      2.94%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315427      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       199467      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       103898      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14279      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26435978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2634     10.46%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9150     36.33%     46.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13399     53.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12594198     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222884      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1877      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1357672      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       797069      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14973700                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504644                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25183                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56410945                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17493096                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14745271                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14998883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        30914                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239157                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10629                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       387873                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        163668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13379                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15762208                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1479682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       799782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11272                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132073                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       127695                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       259768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14763815                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1277188                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       209885                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2074180                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2098762                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           796992                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497571                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14745383                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14745271                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8465128                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22810366                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11131608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     13697479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2064742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3788                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       230143                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26048105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20409715     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2803144     10.76%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1051720      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       500564      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       434970      1.67%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       242898      0.93%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       205043      0.79%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        95833      0.37%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304218      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26048105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     11131608                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     13697479                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2029678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1240525                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1890                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1975211                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12341324                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       282127                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       304218                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           41506030                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          31912330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                338367                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               3235827                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          11131608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            13697479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     11131608                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.665545                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.665545                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.375158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.375158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       66448518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      20542801                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14632456                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2576564                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2145411                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977631                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939851                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         277189                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10970                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22413037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             14136955                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2576564                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1217040                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2945110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        658276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1995598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1393563                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225517                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     27779974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.989061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       24834864     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         180185      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         225571      0.81%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         362592      1.31%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         152153      0.55%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         195226      0.70%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         227886      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         105491      0.38%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1496006      5.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     27779974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086835                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.476444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       22287333                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2140210                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2931077                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1443                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       419910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       391802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     17281992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       419910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       22310385                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         71583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2005142                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2909445                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        63501                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     17175424                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        44190                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     23986323                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     79867865                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     79867865                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     20037553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3948770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          223226                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610942                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       840642                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9291                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       190023                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         16769132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4136                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        16077079                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16937                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2057359                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4202738                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27779974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20970296     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3103751     11.17%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1269660      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712976      2.57%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       963943      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298286      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291948      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156722      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12392      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27779974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110825     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15212     10.83%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14366     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13542915     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219741      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1987      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474518      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837918      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     16077079                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541830                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140403                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60091472                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18830732                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15655851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     16217482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11751                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12915                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       419910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         54837                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16773274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        12746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610942                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840642                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6042                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       271976                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15795658                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1449269                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       281421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2287054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2232412                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           837785                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.532346                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             15655941                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            15655851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         9380493                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        25205703                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527634                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372158                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11657322                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     14364593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2408746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       237723                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27360064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21279658     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3081440     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1119353      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556977      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       510120      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       214148      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211915      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       100818      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285635      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27360064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     11657322                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     14364593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2130078                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1302351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              2000                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          2081941                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        12933011                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       296652                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       285635                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           43847690                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          33966604                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                342079                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1891831                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          11657322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            14364593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     11657322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.545336                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.545336                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392875                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392875                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       71069847                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      21877426                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      15979892                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         4004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2574884                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2143805                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       235574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       977302                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         939189                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         276671                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22391117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             14124881                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2574884                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1215860                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2943216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        657601                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2026214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1392176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       225235                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     27785562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       24842346     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         180269      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         226253      0.81%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         362028      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         152040      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         195173      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         227025      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         105056      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1495372      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     27785562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476037                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       22264476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2170815                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2929221                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       391767                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          284                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     17268365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1647                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       22287595                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         71497                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2035874                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2907457                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        63529                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     17161493                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9141                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        44090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     23965207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     79799453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     79799453                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     20017223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3947934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          223788                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1610046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       839890                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9260                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       190283                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         16753673                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        16059871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17161                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2055340                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4207484                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27785562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20981839     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3101696     11.16%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1268634      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       712803      2.57%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       961992      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       298153      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       291663      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       156469      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12313      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27785562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        110711     78.90%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15267     10.88%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14345     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13528533     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       219338      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1985      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1472854      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       837161      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     16059871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.541250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            140323                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008737                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60062788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18813248                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15640150                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     16200194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11808                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       309025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          104                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       419602                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         54706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6832                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16757809                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1610046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839890                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2135                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5956                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          104                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132749                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       271644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15779688                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1447841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       280183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2284875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2230745                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           837034                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.531807                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             15640247                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            15640150                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         9369364                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        25174600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527105                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372175                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11645490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     14350011                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2407779                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4000                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       237362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27365960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21291700     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3078422     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118191      4.09%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556210      2.03%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       509676      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       213749      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       211939      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101090      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284983      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27365960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     11645490                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     14350011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2127874                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1301008                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1996                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2079835                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        12919876                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       296351                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       284983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           43838689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          33935260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                341742                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1886243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          11645490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            14350011                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     11645490                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.547922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.547922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       70996146                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      21853841                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      15966214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2027697                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1828991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       107905                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       780330                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         723438                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4762                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21492814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12732567                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2027697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       834884                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2519048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        339935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      2795379                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1234710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108151                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     27036590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552663                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       24517542     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          90054      0.33%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         183650      0.68%     91.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          77706      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         418197      1.55%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         374460      1.39%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          71371      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         150534      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1153076      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     27036590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.429113                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       21267697                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      3022177                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2509546                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         8065                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       229102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178497                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     14932196                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       229102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       21296467                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2794054                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       129436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2491952                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        95576                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     14923064                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        49073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        31502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1049                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     17522209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     70276156                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     70276156                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     15511604                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2010595                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1746                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          891                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          222957                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      3522175                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      1778876                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        86237                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         14891574                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14303568                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8644                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1170127                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2816526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27036590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.319616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21897886     80.99%     80.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1568380      5.80%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1274122      4.71%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       546039      2.02%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       684323      2.53%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649333      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369015      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29156      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18336      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27036590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36025     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275101     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8032      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8973853     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       124712      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          855      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3429961     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1774187     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14303568                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.482059                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319158                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022313                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     55971528                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16063857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14179971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14622726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       142932                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          404                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12146                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1258                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       229102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2721089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27487                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14893346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3522175                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1778876                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          891                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          404                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       125959                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14203563                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3418845                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            5192826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1861295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          1773981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.478689                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14180460                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14179971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7662968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        15135093                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.477894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506305                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11513383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     13529679                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1365336                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       110055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26807488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21881542     81.62%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1813283      6.76%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845060      3.15%     91.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       829876      3.10%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       229593      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949801      3.54%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72256      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52881      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133196      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26807488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11513383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     13529679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              5145973                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             3379243                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1786378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        12031224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       130947                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       133196                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           41569268                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30019160                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                463120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               2635215                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11513383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            13529679                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11513383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.577158                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.577158                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.388024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.388024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70213439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      16468338                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      17771497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2081076                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853276                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         818659                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212777                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9136                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20199842                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11815593                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2081076                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1031436                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2473410                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        600097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       998807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1244371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24061958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21588548     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         134287      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         211229      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         335915      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         139678      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         155551      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         166692      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         109243      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1220815      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24061958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070136                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.398209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20006218                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1194413                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2465374                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       389623                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       340773                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14420155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1606                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       389623                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20037566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        267309                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       831468                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2440831                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        95156                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14409509                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        24790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        33971                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9872                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20004185                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67022308                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67022308                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17029322                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2974850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3754                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          273928                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       738563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22270                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       169166                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14389152                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3765                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13604715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17856                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4133980                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          441                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24061958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18321437     76.14%     76.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2307368      9.59%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257688      5.23%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       860680      3.58%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       802552      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229045      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179892      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        61222      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42074      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24061958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3187     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9597     38.27%     50.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12293     49.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11395997     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       215191      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1647      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1258334      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       733546      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13604715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458506                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25077                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001843                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51314321                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16234841                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13384815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13629792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248650                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24097                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       389623                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        176619                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12939                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14392948                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       738563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9786                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       237590                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13410608                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1182999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1916186                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1887025                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           733187                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.451965                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13385041                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13384815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7824253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20431081                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382958                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003253                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12261077                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2131926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3324                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       209813                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23672335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18692128     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2412862     10.19%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       939980      3.97%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       505647      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       377670      1.60%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       211056      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       131148      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116286      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       285558      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23672335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10003253                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12261077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1838405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1123939                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1760155                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11047984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       249070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       285558                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           37779715                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29175665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                329876                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               5609847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10003253                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12261077                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10003253                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.966216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.966216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337130                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337130                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60472296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18553963                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13454753                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2036056                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1836903                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108379                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       781089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         725777                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111815                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4751                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21570965                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             12793777                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2036056                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       837592                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2530562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        343775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2760053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1239354                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     27095961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       24565399     90.66%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          90920      0.34%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         184511      0.68%     91.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          77910      0.29%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         419789      1.55%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         375144      1.38%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          71614      0.26%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         150820      0.56%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1159854      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     27095961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068619                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       21336132                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2998237                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2521094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         8018                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       232477                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       178883                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     15003009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1476                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       232477                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       21365566                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2766644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       131038                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2502957                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        97276                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14993932                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           55                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        50661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        32038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          606                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     17611441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     70609999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     70609999                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     15568066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2043363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          889                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          228392                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3534071                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1784839                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16691                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        87547                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14962223                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        14358856                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8615                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1193527                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2894083                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27095961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320356                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21936364     80.96%     80.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1575779      5.82%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1276824      4.71%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       550446      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       688459      2.54%     96.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650817      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369198      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29610      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18464      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27095961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36266     11.34%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275380     86.13%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8079      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9011280     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125559      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          858      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3441182     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1779977     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     14358856                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.483923                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319725                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022267                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56142013                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16157910                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14234348                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     14678581                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25873                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       143884                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           66                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          409                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       232477                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2690889                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14963997                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3534071                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1784839                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          409                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64789                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       126786                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14257875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3429664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            5209430                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1867790                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1779766                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.480519                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             14234836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            14234348                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7692603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        15201301                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.479726                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11553858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     13577602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1388009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1731                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       110525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26863484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21918989     81.59%     81.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1821280      6.78%     88.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       847994      3.16%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       832560      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       231051      0.86%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       951974      3.54%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72750      0.27%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53008      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       133878      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26863484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11553858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     13577602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              5162678                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3390180                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               864                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1792836                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        12073896                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       131496                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       133878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           41695178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          30163740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                464302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2575844                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11553858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            13577602                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11553858                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.568130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.568130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389388                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389388                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       70475886                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      16533861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      17848835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1728                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2029345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1830769                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       108091                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       786188                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         723708                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         111496                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4733                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21517538                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12751525                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2029345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       835204                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2521150                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        341157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2786772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1236078                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       108369                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     27056249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855891                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       24535099     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          89650      0.33%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         184332      0.68%     91.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          77662      0.29%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         417948      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         373586      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          71817      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         151324      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1154831      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     27056249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068393                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.429752                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       21309207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2997155                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2511654                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         8082                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       230148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       178324                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14950152                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1483                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       230148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       21337347                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2771808                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       131665                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2494522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        90756                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14941073                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        45043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        30700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          583                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     17549811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     70360309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     70360309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     15529716                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2020083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          888                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          216171                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3521803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1779868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        87285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14910252                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14318326                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1174983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2833004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27056249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.529206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.320401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21919085     81.01%     81.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1564332      5.78%     86.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1270101      4.69%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       548948      2.03%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       685864      2.53%     96.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650017      2.40%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370331      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29147      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18424      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27056249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36194     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       275419     86.16%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8038      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8985250     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       125226      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          856      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3431728     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1775266     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14318326                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.482557                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022325                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     56021013                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16087386                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14195685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14637977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26276                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       140405                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          405                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11944                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       230148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2703861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26355                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14912016                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3521803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1779868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          405                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        62098                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        64208                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       126306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14218842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3420805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        99484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            5195891                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1862848                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1775086                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.479204                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14196167                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14195685                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7670690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        15145270                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.478423                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506474                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11524976                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13543730                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1369917                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1727                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       110238                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26826101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323959                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21897775     81.63%     81.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1811514      6.75%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       845848      3.15%     91.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       831041      3.10%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       229318      0.85%     95.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       952442      3.55%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72208      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        52973      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       132982      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26826101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11524976                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13543730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              5149315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3381391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               862                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1788393                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12043793                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       131190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       132982                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           41606727                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          30057476                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                463995                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2615556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11524976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13543730                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11524976                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.574565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.574565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.388415                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.388415                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       70286887                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      16490952                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      17793727                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1724                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               29671805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2184964                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792713                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215806                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       901454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         852373                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         223158                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20846208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12413457                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2184964                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1075531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2729482                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        613341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      1915563                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1285738                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       214370                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     25885053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       23155571     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         294398      1.14%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         342164      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         188004      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         218218      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         118972      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          81707      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         210734      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1275285      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     25885053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.418359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20678230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      2087309                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2707071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        20881                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       353495                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2235                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     15149441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        11573                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20710934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        729262                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      1266288                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2696194                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        90813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     15139001                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        23756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        41806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     21036172                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     70483620                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     70483620                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17933655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3102443                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3893                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          246489                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1447974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       785962                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20831                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       174185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         15111645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3897                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        14267954                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1905263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4428323                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          378                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25885053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19870919     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2420921      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1298824      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       899162      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       786992      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       401782      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        96817      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        62969      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        46667      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25885053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3700     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13167     42.86%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13855     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11944387     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       222706      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1746      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319304      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       779811      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     14267954                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.480859                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54471673                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17020966                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14029459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        35601                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          163                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16840                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          872                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          396                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       391560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        677849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15115565                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1447974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       785962                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2140                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10841                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          163                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124430                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121540                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       245970                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14056179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1238974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       211775                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2018519                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1966690                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           779545                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             14029784                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            14029459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         8340885                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        21849622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10531915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12921627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2194169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3518                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       216814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25493493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20213286     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2449301      9.61%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1026084      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       615451      2.41%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427843      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       275952      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       143493      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       114949      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       227134      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25493493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10531915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12921627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1957665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1188552                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1756                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1849333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11649454                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       262963                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       227134                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           40382090                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          30623241                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                321051                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               3786752                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10531915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12921627                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10531915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.817323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.817323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.354947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.354947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       63405118                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      19473150                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14138755                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3350                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.561345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         123678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        22.911819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.134799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.728573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   929.261376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1086.436597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.453741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.530487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4012                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4013                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                3345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3350                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3096349596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3150647144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8085543                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104435139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3158732687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54297548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3104435139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3158732687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              7347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               7363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              7363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.455288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.312500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.454978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.454978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935170.521293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 941897.501943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617108.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936198.775332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 942905.279701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596986.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936198.775332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 942905.279701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     507                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2805616558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2856928906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7646543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813263101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864575449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     51312348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2813263101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2864575449                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.455288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.452511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.454978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847362.294775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854089.359043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1529308.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848390.561218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855097.148955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1509186.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848390.561218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855097.148955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1325                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.508901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         158735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        47.060480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.038951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    26.864959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   620.265021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1373.339971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.013118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.302864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.670576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3124                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3126                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1287                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1325                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75413195                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1057859099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1133272294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75413195                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1057859099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1133272294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75413195                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1057859099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1133272294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.298895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.297686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.297686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1984557.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 821957.341880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855299.844528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1984557.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 821957.341880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855299.844528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1984557.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 821957.341880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855299.844528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                568                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     568                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72076110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    943752605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1015828715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72076110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    943752605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1015828715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72076110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    943752605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1015828715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.292738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896739.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 733866.722395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767242.231873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896739.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 733866.722395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767242.231873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896739.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 733866.722395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767242.231873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2139                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.789827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         121261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.961309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.736754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.240205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   933.082687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1066.730181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.008906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.455607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.520864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 675                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3786                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2139                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1751995119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1751995119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     63906980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1688088139                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1751995119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              5916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             675                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               5925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              5925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.361562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2203688.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800041.772038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819072.051893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                314                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     314                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61360780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1502830139                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564190919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.358478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.357930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2115888.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 712241.772038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731272.051893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2133                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.794044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         121238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        28.997369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.733638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.828447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   934.372904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1065.859055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.008705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.456237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.520439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3764                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3765                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2133                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54580030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692499407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1747079437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54580030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692499407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1747079437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54580030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1692499407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1747079437                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.361648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.361648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1882070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804419.870247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819071.466010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1882070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804419.870247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819071.466010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1882070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 804419.870247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819071.466010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                315                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     315                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52033830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507734598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559768428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52033830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507734598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559768428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     52033830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1507734598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559768428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.358555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1794270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716603.896388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731255.709330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1794270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716603.896388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731255.709330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1794270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 716603.896388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731255.709330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.550271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         158737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        46.977508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.040450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.465551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   622.143464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1369.900805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.013899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.303781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.668897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1013                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3126                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3128                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     83576434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1082988645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1166565079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     83576434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1082988645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1166565079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     83576434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1082988645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1166565079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1013                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299707                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089410.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838875.790085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876457.610068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089410.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838875.790085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876457.610068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2089410.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 838875.790085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876457.610068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80064434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    969573406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049637840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80064434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    969573406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049637840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     80064434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    969573406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049637840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2001610.850000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751607.291473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789201.383459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2001610.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751607.291473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789201.383459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2001610.850000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 751607.291473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789201.383459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.551041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         158741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        46.978692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.041579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.463178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   622.447182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1369.599101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.013898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.303929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.668750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3129                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3131                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78933784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1076884093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1155817877                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78933784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1076884093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1155817877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     78933784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1076884093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1155817877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              4444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973344.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834147.244771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 868383.078137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973344.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834147.244771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 868383.078137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1973344.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 834147.244771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 868383.078137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75421784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    963500293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038922077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75421784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    963500293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038922077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75421784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    963500293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038922077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.293049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.291855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1885544.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 746899.451938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781144.418797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1885544.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 746899.451938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781144.418797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1885544.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 746899.451938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 781144.418797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         3572                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.895258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         154584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         5620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        27.506050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.024645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.219033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1196.889261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         830.762318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.584419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.405646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                1500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4806                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4807                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                3566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 3572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                3572                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82386193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3400286415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3482672608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7647511                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7647511                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82386193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3407933926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     3490320119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82386193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3407933926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    3490320119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              8370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            1500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               8379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              8379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2353891.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 962981.142736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 976632.812114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1274585.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1274585.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2353891.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 963509.733107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 977133.291993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2353891.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 963509.733107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 977133.291993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                618                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     618                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            3572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           3572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79311559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3090173219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3169484778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7120711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7120711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79311559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3097293930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3176605489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     79311559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3097293930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3176605489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.423948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2266044.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 875155.258850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888806.724061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1186785.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1186785.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2266044.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 875683.893130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889307.247760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2266044.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 875683.893130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889307.247760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         2024                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.517280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         180283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         4072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        44.273821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.758089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    22.582482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   853.782603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1123.394106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.416886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.548532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2086                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                2086                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3849                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                2020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 2022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1986                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                2022                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1672491576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1735887272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2437824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1674929400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1738325096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63395696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1674929400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1738325096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              5854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            2086                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               5871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              5871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 842989.705645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 859350.134653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1218912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1218912                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843368.277946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 859705.784372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1760991.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843368.277946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 859705.784372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    1139                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            2022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           2022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1498344431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1558579327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2262224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1500606655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560841551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     60234896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1500606655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560841551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.341069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.340418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673191.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755213.926915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771573.924257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1131112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131112                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673191.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755592.474824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771929.550445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1673191.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755592.474824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771929.550445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1331                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.551848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         158741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        46.978692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.042277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.460515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   622.268611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1369.780446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.013897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.303842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.668838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1014                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3129                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3131                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1291                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1331                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62132753                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1074906484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1137039237                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62132753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1074906484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1137039237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62132753                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1074906484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1137039237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              4444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1014                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1553318.825000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832615.402014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854274.407964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1553318.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832615.402014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854274.407964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1553318.825000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 832615.402014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854274.407964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                570                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     570                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58620472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    961506826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020127298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58620472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    961506826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020127298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58620472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    961506826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020127298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1465511.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 745354.128682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767013.006015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1465511.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 745354.128682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767013.006015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1465511.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 745354.128682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767013.006015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          981                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.461707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         182328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.194123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.461707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.725623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   457.606990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1522.667387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.014026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.223441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.743490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3191                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3193                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 981                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90154688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    795763241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     885917929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90154688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    795763241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      885917929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90154688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    795763241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     885917929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              4157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               4174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              4174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.229799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.228855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.235026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.228855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.235026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2651608.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840299.092925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 903076.380224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2651608.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840299.092925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 903076.380224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2651608.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 840299.092925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 903076.380224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                513                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     513                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87156738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    712185088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    799341826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87156738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    712185088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    799341826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     87156738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    712185088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    799341826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.229799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.228855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.228855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563433.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 752043.387540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 814823.471967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563433.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 752043.387540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 814823.471967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563433.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 752043.387540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 814823.471967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          978                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.440313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         182324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        60.252479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.440313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.404544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   457.217756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1523.377700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.223251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.743837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 974                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3187                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3189                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 979                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     899864425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      899864425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94814870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    805049555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     899864425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             974                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.229648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2788672.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 851904.291005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919166.930541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     91829670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    722166355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    813996025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.229648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.228703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2700872.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 764197.201058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831456.613892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3580                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.897779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         154577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        27.465707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.039147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    15.277296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1197.392433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         830.188904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.007460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.584664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.405366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  4796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1501                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   4799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4798                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  4799                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                3574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3545                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3580                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86092607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3388796156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3474888763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9838980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9838980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86092607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3398635136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3484727743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86092607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3398635136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3484727743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              8370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1501                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               8379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              8379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.427001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2459788.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 957557.546199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 972268.820090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1639830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1639830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2459788.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 958712.309168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 973387.637709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2459788.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 958712.309168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 973387.637709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                616                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     616                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83016652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3077986597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3161003249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9312180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9312180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83016652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3087298777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3170315429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     83016652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3087298777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3170315429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.424907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2371904.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 869733.426674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 884444.109961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1552030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1552030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2371904.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870888.230465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885562.968994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2371904.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870888.230465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 885562.968994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3352                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.582635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         123717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        22.910556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.172827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.443682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   930.664908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1084.301218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.454426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.529444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 866                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4049                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4050                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3352                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80724131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3049727017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3130451148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6919369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6919369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80724131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3056646386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3137370517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     80724131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3056646386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3137370517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             866                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2306403.742857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 920811.297403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935300.611891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1383873.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1383873.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2306403.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 921509.311426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935969.724642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2306403.742857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 921509.311426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935969.724642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                510                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     510                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77650957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2758907094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2836558051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6480369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6480369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77650957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2765387463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843038420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77650957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2765387463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843038420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450312                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.450312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218598.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833003.349638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847492.695249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1296073.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1296073.800000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218598.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833701.375641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848161.819809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2218598.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 833701.375641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848161.819809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3585                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.898637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         154604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        27.446121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.015624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.257509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1201.101714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         826.523790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.586475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.403576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4824                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4825                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3585                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72824513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3352614731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3425439244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8045555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8045555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72824513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3360660286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3433484799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72824513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3360660286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3433484799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              8401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               8410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         8374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              8410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.426278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.426278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2080700.371429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945997.384594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957093.949148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1340925.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1340925.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2080700.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 946664.869296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957736.345607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2080700.371429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 946664.869296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957736.345607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69750435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3041411579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3111162014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7518755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7518755                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69750435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3048930334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3118680769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69750435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3048930334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3118680769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.423931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1992869.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858186.111456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869282.485052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1253125.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1253125.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1992869.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858853.615211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869924.900697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1992869.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858853.615211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869924.900697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         3587                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.896251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         154592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         5635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        27.434250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.043241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    14.607705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1198.218328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         830.026978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.585068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.405287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                1502                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4812                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4813                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                3581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 3587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3553                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                3587                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76298559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3379237850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3455536409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7343745                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7343745                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76298559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3386581595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     3462880154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76298559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3386581595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    3462880154                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              8391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            1502                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               8400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         8365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              8400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.424485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.426767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.424746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.427024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.424746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.427024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2244075.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 952703.087116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964964.090757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1223957.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1223957.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2244075.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 953161.158176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965397.310845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2244075.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 953161.158176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965397.310845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                620                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     620                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            3587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           3587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73313359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3067740915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3141054274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6816945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6816945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73313359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3074557860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3147871219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73313359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3074557860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3147871219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.424485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.424746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.424746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2156275.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 864883.257683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877144.449595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1136157.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1136157.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2156275.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 865341.362229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877577.702537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2156275.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 865341.362229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877577.702537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2017                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.479836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         180289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4065                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        44.351538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          48.560965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.910012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   850.752572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1125.256287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.415407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.549442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                2085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3856                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3857                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2015                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78216908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1687158177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1765375085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2168728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2168728                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78216908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1689326905                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1767543813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78216908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1689326905                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1767543813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              5854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            2085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               5872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              5872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.343697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.343154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.343154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172691.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853824.988360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877423.004473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 722909.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722909.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172691.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853626.531076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877192.959305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2172691.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853626.531076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877192.959305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    1134                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75054946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1513710876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588765822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1905328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1905328                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75054946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1515616204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590671150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75054946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1515616204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590671150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084859.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 766048.014170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789645.040755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 635109.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 635109.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084859.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 765849.521981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789414.962779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2084859.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 765849.521981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789414.962779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              520.598485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001250709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1907144.207619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.598485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1242660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1242660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87029508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582354.690909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54666392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1561896.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 7328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166551053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 7584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             21960.845596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   228.095952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    27.904048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.891000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.109000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       710773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569874                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           95                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8585240984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8585240984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75788672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8661029656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8661029656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8661029656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8661029656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       878307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       710868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2019                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1658                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 447008.277830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447008.277830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797775.494737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448734.762758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448734.762758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 448734.762758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448734.762758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3386918402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3386918402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8848221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395766623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395766623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3395766623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3395766623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463200.000274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463200.000274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 553013.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463396.100300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463396.100300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 463396.100300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463396.100300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              507.327641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              995622483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1933247.539806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.327641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.051807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1359381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1359381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1359381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1359381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1359381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1359381                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100291726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100291726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100291726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100291726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    100291726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100291726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1359443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1359443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1359443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1359443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1359443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1359443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1617608.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617608.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1617608.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1617608.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1617608.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1617608.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       338890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       338890                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75861282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75861282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75861282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75861282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     75861282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75861282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896532.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1896532.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896532.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1896532.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1896532.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1896532.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4411                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              151946352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             32557.607028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   223.707138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    32.292862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.873856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.126144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       934671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        934671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       784951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       784951                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1719622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1719622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1719622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1719622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        14166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        14166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        14166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4710043486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4710043486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8574312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8574312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4718617798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4718617798                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4718617798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4718617798                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       948733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       948733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       785055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785055                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1889                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1733788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1733788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1733788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1733788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.014822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 334948.334945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334948.334945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 82445.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82445.307692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 333094.578427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333094.578427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 333094.578427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333094.578427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         9755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9755                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1270934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1270934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1186341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1186341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1272120341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272120341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1272120341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1272120341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 289308.900524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289308.900524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65907.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65907.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 288397.266153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288397.266153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 288397.266153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288397.266153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              554.148756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              915116947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1642938.863555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.087867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.060889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.045013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.888059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1298400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1298400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1298400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1298400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86350236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86350236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1298443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1298443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2008145.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64215005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64215005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2140500.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 5895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              204390313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             33228.794180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.622611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.377389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.721182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.278818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1932185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       354077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       354077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2286262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2286262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2286262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2286262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        20912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        20912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9597841401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9597841401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3172976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3172976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9601014377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9601014377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9601014377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9601014377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1953060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       354114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       354114                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          835                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2307174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2307174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2307174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2307174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459776.833581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459776.833581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85756.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85756.108108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459115.071586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15017                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953308216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953308216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       582006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       582006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953890222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953890222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1953890222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1953890222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331856.645600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331856.645600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64667.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64667.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331448.722986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              552.945563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              915118105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1642940.942549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.885009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.060553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.043085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1299558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1299558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1299558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1299558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75245322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75245322                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75245322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75245322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75245322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75245322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1299602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1299602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1299602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1299602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1710120.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1710120.954545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1710120.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1710120.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1710120.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1710120.954545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54914599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54914599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54914599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54914599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     54914599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54914599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1830486.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830486.633333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1830486.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830486.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1830486.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1830486.633333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              204390047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             33375.252613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.650831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.349169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.721292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.278708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1932532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1932532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       353459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       353459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2285991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2285991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2285991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2285991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        20909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        20909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9594263738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9594263738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3162080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3162080                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9597425818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9597425818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9597425818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9597425818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1953404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1953404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       353496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       353496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          829                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2306900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2306900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2306900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2306900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459671.509103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459671.509103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85461.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85461.621622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459009.317423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459009.317423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459009.317423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459009.317423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15041                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956159442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956159442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956736342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956736342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1956736342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956736342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333872.579280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333872.579280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333458.817655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333458.817655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333458.817655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333458.817655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              508.825910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              995622145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1925768.172147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.825910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1359043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1359043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1359043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1359043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1359043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1359043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104767127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104767127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104767127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104767127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104767127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104767127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1359099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1359099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1359099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1359099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1359099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1359099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1870841.553571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1870841.553571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1870841.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1870841.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1870841.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1870841.553571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       290996                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84058788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84058788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84058788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84058788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     84058788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84058788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2001399.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2001399.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2001399.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2001399.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2001399.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2001399.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4417                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              151945925                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             32515.712604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.796137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.203863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.874204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.125796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       934016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        934016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       785168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1719184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1719184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1719184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1719184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        14133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        14133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        14133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4692554384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4692554384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8791506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8791506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4701345890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4701345890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4701345890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4701345890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       948043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       948043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       785274                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785274                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1890                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1733317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1733317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1733317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1733317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334537.276966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334537.276966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82938.735849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82938.735849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 332650.243402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332650.243402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 332650.243402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332650.243402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1013                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9716                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1296185997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1296185997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1185173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1297371170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297371170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1297371170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297371170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294654.693567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294654.693567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65842.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65842.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 293722.248132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293722.248132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 293722.248132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293722.248132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              508.828696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              995622573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs                  1925769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.828696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1359471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1359471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1359471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1359471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1359471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1359471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96876934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96876934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96876934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96876934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     96876934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96876934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1359528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1359528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1359528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1359528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1359528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1359528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1699595.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1699595.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1699595.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1699595.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1699595.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1699595.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308948                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79410196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79410196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79410196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79410196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79410196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79410196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1890718.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890718.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1890718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1890718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1890718.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              151946508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             32494.976048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.764214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.235786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.874079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.125921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       934333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        934333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       785429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1719762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1719762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1719762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1719762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        14143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        14143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        14143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4732891040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4732891040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8794962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8794962                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4741686002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4741686002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4741686002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4741686002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       948370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       948370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       785535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1733905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1733905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1733905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1733905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 337172.546840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337172.546840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 82971.339623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82971.339623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335267.340875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335267.340875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 335267.340875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335267.340875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         9723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1290297995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290297995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1185561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1291483556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291483556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1291483556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291483556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 293116.309632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293116.309632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 65864.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65864.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 292190.849774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292190.849774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 292190.849774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292190.849774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              569.841406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1026176403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1772325.393782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.062102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.779304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.044971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.868236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1235077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1235077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1235077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1235077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    120498539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120498539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    120498539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120498539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    120498539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120498539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1235132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1235132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1235132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1235132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2190882.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2190882.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2190882.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2190882.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2190882.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2190882.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       542219                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 271109.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82742587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82742587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82742587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82742587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82742587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82742587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2298405.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2298405.194444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2298405.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2298405.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2298405.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2298405.194444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 8343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              404530218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 8599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             47043.867659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.138002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.861998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.434133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.565867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3225126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3225126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1765315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1765315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4990441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        4990441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      4990441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       4990441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        30425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        30425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        30425                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14356394842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14356394842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     26434068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26434068                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14382828910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14382828910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14382828910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14382828910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3255521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3255521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1765345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1765345                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      5020866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5020866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      5020866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5020866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472327.515776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 472327.515776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 881135.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 881135.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472730.613311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472730.613311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 472730.613311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472730.613311                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            1500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3757852753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3757852753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7889744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7889744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3765742497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3765742497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3765742497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3765742497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 450906.257859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450906.257859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 876638.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876638.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451365.515642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451365.515642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451365.515642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451365.515642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              512.439555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              996849174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1920711.317919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.439555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1286728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1286728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1286728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1286728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86479758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86479758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1286776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1286776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1286776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1286776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1801661.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63779491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63779491                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1723770.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              157769452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 6089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             25910.568566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   226.832038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    29.167962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.886063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.113937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       905555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        905555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       765502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       765502                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1671057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1671057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1671057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1671057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        20821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        20821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        20821                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8281087544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8281087544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    496422215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    496422215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8777509759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8777509759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8777509759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8777509759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       925697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       925697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       766181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       766181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1759                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1691878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1691878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1691878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1691878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 411135.316453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411135.316453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 731107.827688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 731107.827688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 421570.037894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421570.037894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 421570.037894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421570.037894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3869967                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 386996.700000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            2086                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          662                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1941140942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1941140942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      3431847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3431847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1944572789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1944572789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1944572789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1944572789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333701.382500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333701.382500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 201873.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201873.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333317.241858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333317.241858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333317.241858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333317.241858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              508.823945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              995622563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1925768.980658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.823945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.054205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.815423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1359461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1359461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1359461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1359461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1359461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1359461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84257766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84257766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84257766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84257766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84257766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84257766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1359518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1359518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1359518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1359518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1359518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1359518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1478206.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1478206.421053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1478206.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1478206.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1478206.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1478206.421053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62609914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62609914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62609914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62609914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     62609914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62609914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490712.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490712.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490712.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490712.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490712.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1490712.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151946490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             32494.972198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.737021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.262979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.873973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.126027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       934324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        934324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       785420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785420                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1719744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1719744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1719744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1719744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        14143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        14143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        14143                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4723707042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4723707042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8802084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8802084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4732509126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4732509126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4732509126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4732509126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       948361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       948361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       785526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1971                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1892                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1733887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1733887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1733887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1733887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 336518.276127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336518.276127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 83038.528302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83038.528302                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334618.477409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334618.477409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334618.477409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334618.477409                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1014                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           88                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9723                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1288320821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288320821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1185967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1289506788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1289506788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1289506788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1289506788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 292667.156065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292667.156065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 65887.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65887.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 291743.617195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291743.617195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 291743.617195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291743.617195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              486.963194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              998756033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2034126.340122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.963194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1393513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1393513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1393513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1393513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1393513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1393513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    140808060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140808060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    140808060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140808060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    140808060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140808060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1393561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1393561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1393561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1393561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1393561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2933501.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2933501.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2933501.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2933501.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2933501.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2933501.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2710242                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       903414                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90568563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90568563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90568563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90568563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90568563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90568563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2515793.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2515793.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2515793.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2515793.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2515793.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2515793.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148301375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             33750.881884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   218.614517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    37.385483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.853963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.146037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1110361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1110361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       823580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       823580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1933941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1933941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1933941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1933941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        10757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        10757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2411402138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2411402138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7233952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7233952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2418636090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2418636090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2418636090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2418636090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1121014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1121014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       823684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       823684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2096                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2002                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1944698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1944698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1944698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1944698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 226358.972871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226358.972871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 69557.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69557.230769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224842.994329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224842.994329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 224842.994329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224842.994329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1010621269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1010621269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1204616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1011825885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011825885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1011825885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011825885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245236.900995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245236.900995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 70859.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70859.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244520.513533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244520.513533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244520.513533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244520.513533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.634998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              998754646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2034123.515275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.634998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1392126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1392126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1392126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1392126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146026439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146026439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1392174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1392174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3042217.479167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682548.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95226568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95226568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2645182.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148299361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33804.276499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   218.587246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    37.412754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.853856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.146144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1109186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       822742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       822742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1931928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1931928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1931928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1931928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        10738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        10738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2412994448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2412994448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6638898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6638898                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2419633346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2419633346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2419633346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2419633346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1119837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       822829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2099                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1998                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1942666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1942666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1942666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1942666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226550.976246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226550.976246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76309.172414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76309.172414                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225333.707022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         6606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6606                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1019687635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1019687635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1188320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1188320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1020875955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020875955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1020875955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020875955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247797.724180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247797.724180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 69901.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69901.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247065.816796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              569.430885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1026175978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1772324.659758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.019801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.411084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.044904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1234652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1234652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1234652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116934466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116934466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116934466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116934466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    116934466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116934466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1234710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2016111.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2016111.482759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2016111.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2016111.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2016111.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2016111.482759                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86451136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86451136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86451136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     86451136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     86451136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     86451136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2401420.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401420.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2401420.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401420.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2401420.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2401420.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 8343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              404529643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 8599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             47043.800791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.126682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.873318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.434089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.565911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      3224919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3224919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1764947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1764947                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4989866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        4989866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      4989866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       4989866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        30403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        30403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        30403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14331024598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14331024598                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35201424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35201424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14366226022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14366226022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  14366226022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14366226022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      3255292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3255292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1764977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1764977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          866                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5020269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5020269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      5020269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5020269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 471834.346229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 471834.346229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1173380.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1173380.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 472526.593494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472526.593494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 472526.593494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472526.593494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1501                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        22060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22060                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         8343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3745878865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3745878865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10081250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10081250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3755960115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755960115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3755960115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3755960115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 449469.506240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449469.506240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1120138.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1120138.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450192.989932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450192.989932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 450192.989932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450192.989932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              522.147133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001252357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1903521.591255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.147133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.051518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1244308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1244308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1244308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1244308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143991835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143991835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143991835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143991835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    143991835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143991835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1244371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1244371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1244371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1244371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285584.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285584.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285584.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285584.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2285584.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285584.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81093666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81093666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81093666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81093666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81093666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81093666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252601.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252601.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252601.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252601.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2252601.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2252601.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              166552346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             21851.527945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.184720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.815280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.891347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.108653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       860097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       711020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       711020                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2066                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2066                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1571117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1571117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8559895416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8559895416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     65397244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     65397244                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8625292660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8625292660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8625292660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8625292660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       879452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       711113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       711113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2066                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1590565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1590565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1590565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1590565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442257.577680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442257.577680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 703196.172043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 703196.172043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443505.381530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443505.381530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 443505.381530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443505.381530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3342894455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3342894455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7601869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7601869                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3350496324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350496324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3350496324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350496324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454753.700857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454753.700857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 506791.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 506791.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454859.669291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454859.669291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454859.669291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454859.669291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              569.852748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1026180620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1772332.677029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.442582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.410166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.045581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1239294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1239294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103235483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103235483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103235483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103235483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    103235483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103235483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1749753.949153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1749753.949153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1749753.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1749753.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1749753.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1749753.949153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       701089                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73181065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73181065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73181065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73181065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73181065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73181065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032807.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032807.361111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032807.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032807.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032807.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032807.361111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 8374                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              404546146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 8630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             46876.726072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.126078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.873922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.434086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.565914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3235653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3235653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1770710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1770710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5006363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        5006363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      5006363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       5006363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        30483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        30483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14090152343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14090152343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27969724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27969724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14118122067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14118122067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14118122067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14118122067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3266106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3266106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1770740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1770740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          870                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5036846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5036846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      5036846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5036846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 462685.198273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462685.198273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 932324.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932324.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463147.395827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463147.395827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463147.395827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463147.395827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        22109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         8374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3711520861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3711520861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8287655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8287655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3719808516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3719808516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3719808516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3719808516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 443696.456784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443696.456784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 920850.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920850.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 444209.280631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444209.280631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 444209.280631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 444209.280631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              569.029702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1026177353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1775393.344291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.618180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.411522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.044260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1236027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1236027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1236027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1236027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1236027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101997797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101997797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101997797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101997797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    101997797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101997797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1236077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1236077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1236077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2039955.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2039955.940000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2039955.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2039955.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2039955.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2039955.940000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       965944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       482972                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76682771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76682771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76682771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76682771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76682771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76682771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2190936.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190936.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2190936.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190936.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2190936.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2190936.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 8365                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              404532597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 8621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             46924.091985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.130475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.869525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.434103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.565897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3226679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3226679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1766140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1766140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4992819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        4992819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4992819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       4992819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        30528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        30528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        30528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14232266817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14232266817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25249697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25249697                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14257516514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14257516514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14257516514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14257516514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3257177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3257177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1766170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1766170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          867                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          862                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5023347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5023347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      5023347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5023347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 466662.299725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466662.299725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841656.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 841656.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 467030.808242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 467030.808242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 467030.808242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 467030.808242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        22163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         8365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3737181695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3737181695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7585845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7585845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3744767540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3744767540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3744767540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3744767540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447245.296194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447245.296194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842871.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842871.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447670.955170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447670.955170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 447670.955170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447670.955170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.706790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              996848133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1920709.312139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.706790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.049210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1285687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1285687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1285687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1285687                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102611599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102611599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102611599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102611599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    102611599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102611599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1285738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1285738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011992.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2011992.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011992.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2011992.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2011992.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2011992.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78585358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78585358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78585358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78585358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78585358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78585358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123928.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123928.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123928.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123928.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2123928.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2123928.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5834                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              157767843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             25906.049754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.824228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.175772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.886032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.113968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       904771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        904771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       764655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       764655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1669426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1669426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1669426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1669426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          699                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        20767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        20767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8303314486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8303314486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    443927019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    443927019                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8747241505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8747241505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8747241505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8747241505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       924839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       924839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       765354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       765354                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1826                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1757                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1690193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1690193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1690193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1690193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 413758.943891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413758.943891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 635088.725322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 635088.725322                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 421208.720807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421208.720807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 421208.720807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421208.720807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4634706                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 421336.909091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            2085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14932                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5835                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1956242462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956242462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3165432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3165432                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1959407894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959407894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1959407894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1959407894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 336297.483583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336297.483583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 175857.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175857.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335802.552528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335802.552528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335802.552528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335802.552528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
