
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101537                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101536786581                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627723771345                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 220939                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   282297                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1302661                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67620728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 77945.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17221211701                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22003865494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1398016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2476800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      4066176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      3654400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2476160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2497664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2461952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4042496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4085504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2482816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1827072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4076672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2467200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1819392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3620096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2490880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             46019840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10235904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10235904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        19350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        31767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        28550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        19345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        31582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        31918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        14274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        31849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        19275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        14214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        28282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        19460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                359530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           79968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                79968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13768567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24393130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     40046333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     35990897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     24386827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     24598612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     24246897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39813117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     40236688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24452379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        52946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17994188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40149705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     24298583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17918550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     35653049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     24531799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               453233173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        46643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        50425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        47904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        42861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47904                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        49164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        42861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        52946                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        50425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        42861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        50425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        50425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45383                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             753855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100809808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100809808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100809808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        46643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13768567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24393130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        50425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     40046333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        47904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     35990897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     24386827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        42861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     24598612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        42861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     24246897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39813117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        49164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     40236688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        42861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24452379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        52946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17994188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        50425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40149705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        42861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     24298583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        50425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17918550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        50425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     35653049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     24531799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              554042982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22056738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18363819                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001794                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8478092                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081988                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374459                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93189                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191877618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120978424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22056738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10456447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25225081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5570291                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6584162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11912827                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913444                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227237181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      202012100     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1548305      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1955530      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094506      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1307782      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1683761      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1949006      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         892181      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12794010      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227237181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090585                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.496845                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190746756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7823846                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25104881                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11923                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3549773                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3357890                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          547                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147882614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3549773                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190940961                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        619797                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6662772                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24922805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541069                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146969125                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205257297                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683490448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683490448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33370763                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35696                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18647                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13759064                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7198822                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80895                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632554                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143484430                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35828                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137718476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127416                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17311871                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35154175                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227237181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168880726     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26615189     11.71%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10886603      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6095257      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8266142      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538604      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2502132      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346294      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106234      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227237181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        939733     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128424     10.78%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122803     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116020596     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883105      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620955      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7176773      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137718476                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565594                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503992508                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160832779                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134131979                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138909436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2587130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          654                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99486                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           47                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549773                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        471744                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59554                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143520261                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13759064                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7198822                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52034                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          654                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183332                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125727                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309059                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135316413                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415414                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19591515                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19139006                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7176101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555729                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134132420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134131979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80380180                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215908256                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550865                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372289                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20297512                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2018936                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223687408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171537647     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26429688     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9590432      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4783159      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374019      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836933      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817579      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866547      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451404      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223687408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364756119                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290591444                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2907098                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16256313                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.434935                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.434935                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410689                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410689                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608875584                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187432595                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136774071                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       19775409                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16219632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1940355                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8305039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7738520                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031882                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87538                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188908807                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            112339177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          19775409                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      9770402                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24725262                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5489980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6286142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11635053                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924536                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    223439862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      198714600     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        2681355      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3112539      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        1707249      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1956127      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1086345      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         736826      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1909014      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       11535807      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    223439862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081215                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      187374996                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7848922                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24517840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       196549                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3501553                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3206837                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18099                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    137133996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        89303                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3501553                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      187675631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2878956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      4128871                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24426126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       828723                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    137048982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          210                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       213360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       385593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    190504954                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    638082475                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    638082475                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    162896804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       27608145                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        36193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20297                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2214023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13081373                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7128215                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       188167                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1573462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        136852627                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36293                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       129432996                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16928801                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38977747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4295                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223439862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168883081     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21958419      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11796939      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8153621      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7123059      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3643050      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       886709      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567776      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427208      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223439862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35317     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118302     42.39%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125447     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108348400     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2021827      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15864      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11969084      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7077821      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    129432996                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279066                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002156                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482762912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153818936                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127287127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    129712062                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327722                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2287495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          822                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1218                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       144406                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7930                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3501553                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2402898                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143068                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136889036                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13081373                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7128215                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20311                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101606                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1218                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1129407                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1083769                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2213176                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127523004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11243374                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1909992                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           18319534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17850796                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7076160                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            127289380                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           127287127                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        75661993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       198100427                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95657743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    117360558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19529905                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31998                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1951452                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219938309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171996839     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22230981     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9315184      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5600734      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3875003      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2506902      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296552      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045739      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2070375      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219938309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     95657743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    117360558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             17777684                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            10793875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             15964                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16796289                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       105805300                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2387717                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2070375                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          354757747                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         277282563                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2893376                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              20053632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          95657743                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           117360558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     95657743                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.545466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.545466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392855                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392855                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      575287145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     176679373                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     128001701                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        31968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18905550                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17059222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       997095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7783224                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6776114                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1046944                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44233                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200711378                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            118916692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18905550                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      7823058                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23525664                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3111926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4852054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11523902                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002274                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    231178942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      207653278     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         840949      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1715459      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         725696      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        3915246      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3483318      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         684500      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1407827      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10752669      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    231178942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077643                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.488377                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      199579108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      5996472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23439373                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        74645                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2089339                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1659181                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          508                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    139444516                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2765                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2089339                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      199781439                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       4336767                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1022776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23325489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       623127                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    139372157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           83                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       265758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       224798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6068                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    163635009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    656471370                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    656471370                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    145281712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       18353285                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16179                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1567406                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     32906548                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     16648427                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       804418                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        139104440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16228                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       133852781                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69896                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10588640                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25185456                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231178942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183604429     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14258677      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11697601      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5046974      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6396059      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6202237      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3521758      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277645      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173562      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231178942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338464     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2640721     86.42%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76601      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83964563     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1167391      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8014      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32102050     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16610763     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    133852781                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.549718                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3055786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502010186                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149712715                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132710203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    136908567                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1260160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          564                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3414                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101671                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11851                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2089339                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       3981783                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139120754                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32906548                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16648427                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119764                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3414                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       585691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582505                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1168196                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132914861                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31992967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       937920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           48602099                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17414863                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         16609132                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.545866                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            132714336                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           132710203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        71667878                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       141155655                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107835217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    126724154                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12409820                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16153                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1019105                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229089603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183145252     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16755907      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869318      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7773611      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2115550      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9049600      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676083      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492176      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1212106      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229089603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    107835217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    126724154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             48193137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            31646381                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8064                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16734688                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       112688128                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1227452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1212106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          367011146                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         280357534                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4405087                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              12314552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         107835217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           126724154                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    107835217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.258015                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.258015                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.442867                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.442867                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      657139054                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     154117132                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     166093667                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16128                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19716769                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16123775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1925560                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8358362                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7801625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029967                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85571                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191475041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            111825263                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19716769                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9831592                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23450608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5570418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      3354040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11771486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1940512                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    221882353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      198431745     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1273439      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2011851      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3190159      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1334005      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1497025      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1575363      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1031272      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11537494      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    221882353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.080975                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459254                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      189726343                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5116607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23377500                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        59728                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3602173                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3233480                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    136577614                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3027                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3602173                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      190007606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1660000                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      2633923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23161550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       817099                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    136497821                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents        28327                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       236528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       303615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41730                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    189501950                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    634979848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    634979848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    161977062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27524781                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        34889                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19226                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2456261                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13018408                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6992158                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       211908                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1590208                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        136307684                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34989                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       129090298                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159068                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17170043                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38070717                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3400                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221882353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273335                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167435747     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21856556      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11957180      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8144787      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7612048      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2198045      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698289      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       580738      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398963      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221882353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30117     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92801     38.58%     51.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117609     48.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108139444     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2037996      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15661      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11938451      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6958746      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    129090298                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530159                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240527                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480462544                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153514127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127023701                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    129330825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       390326                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2327735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          291                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1434                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196009                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8067                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3602173                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1106485                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136342807                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13018408                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6992158                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1434                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127076                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095216                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2222292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127262057                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11228588                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1828241                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 134                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18185667                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17909968                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6957079                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522651                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            127024708                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           127023701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        74267080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       194008769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521672                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.382803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95144697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    116623159                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19719762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31589                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1966346                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218280180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170932064     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22928558     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8929819      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4809132      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3604869      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2010506      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238490      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109315      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2717427      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218280180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     95144697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    116623159                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17486803                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10690661                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15760                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16740715                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       105086221                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2369182                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2717427                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          351905037                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         276288295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3089060                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              21611141                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          95144697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           116623159                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     95144697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.559191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.559191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390748                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390748                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      573917450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     176082731                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     127381671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        31560                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       18484696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16496002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469036                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12218340                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12047739                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108879                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44266                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195184243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            104976633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          18484696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13156618                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23392483                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       4828910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2986940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11806062                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441900                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    224915262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      201522779     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3563745      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1798013      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3521718      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1131304      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3260233      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         514683      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         840462      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        8762325      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    224915262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.431127                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      192769748                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5445892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23346834                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        18483                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3334301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1754366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17295                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    117436659                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        32740                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3334301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      193038206                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3308380                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1312655                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23098739                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       822977                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    117268161                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        90736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       662643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    153683191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    531465896                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    531465896                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    124612834                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       29070321                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        15737                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7961                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1775288                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     21128399                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3440803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21180                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       784473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        116657499                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15794                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       109234386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70744                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21065921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43111629                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          109                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224915262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098314                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176995431     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15146192      6.73%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15982349      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9307551      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4794552      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1202106      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1425669      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33205      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28207      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224915262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183306     57.27%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74956     23.42%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61814     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85668071     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856459      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7778      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19290750     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3411328      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    109234386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.448613                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320076                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443774854                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137739502                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106466439                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    109554462                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85301                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4297229                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85292                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3334301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2237755                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       101340                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116673376                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21128399                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3440803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7959                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39552                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2343                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989783                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568364                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1558147                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107850056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19016565                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384330                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  83                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22427734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16395359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3411169                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.442928                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            106491096                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           106466439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        64409519                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       140344375                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.437246                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458939                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84783638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     95460482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21217754                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15685                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1459797                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221580961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430815                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186035339     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13966557      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8972729      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2824202      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4685614      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915477      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580520      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531284      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3069239      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221580961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     84783638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     95460482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20186673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            16831162                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              7826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         14646305                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        83426506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1194530                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3069239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          335189646                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         236693454                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4336707                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18578232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          84783638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            95460482                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     84783638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.871940                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.871940                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.348197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.348197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      501291588                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     138721374                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     124713218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        15670                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       18482924                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16494858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1467645                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12270588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12047950                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44266                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195163745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            104962656                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          18482924                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     13156881                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23391553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       4823142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2983319                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11804575                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1440728                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    224885854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      201494301     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        3564414      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1799018      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3521638      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1130509      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3260743      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         514675      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         839908      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        8760648      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    224885854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.431070                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      192750311                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5440960                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23345705                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        18957                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3329917                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1754022                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        17321                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    117422313                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        32689                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3329917                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      193018651                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3304727                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1312274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23098111                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       822170                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    117253929                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        91899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       660827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    153667963                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    531398439                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    531398439                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    124642040                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       29025873                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        15756                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1773621                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     21122012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      3441716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       785789                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        116644913                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15814                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       109237600                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70675                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21032902                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43026322                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224885854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176957745     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15150530      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15988058      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9310377      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4791424      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1201943      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424288      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33228      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28261      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224885854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        182910     57.22%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75003     23.46%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61734     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85669438     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856831      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7781      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19290878     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3412672      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    109237600                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.448626                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443751375                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137693894                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106475306                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    109557247                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4288975                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3329917                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2233018                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       101162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116660811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21122012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3441716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2299                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989548                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       566856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1556404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107856392                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19015330                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1381207                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           22427826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       16396750                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          3412496                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.442954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            106499723                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           106475306                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        64412969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       140346539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.437282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.458957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84800598                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     95481277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21184352                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15693                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1458376                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221555937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186003804     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13969740      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8974817      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2824181      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4685493      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914694      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580263      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531220      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3071725      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221555937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     84800598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     95481277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             20189740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            16833037                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         14649274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        83445224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1194940                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3071725                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          335149529                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         236663828                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4334645                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              18607640                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          84800598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            95481277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     84800598                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.871365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.871365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.348266                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.348266                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      501321267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     138736189                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     124701526                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        15678                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18491854                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16502737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1468945                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12254594                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12051244                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108773                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44215                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195226220                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            104999408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18491854                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13160017                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23400553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       4826726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2991222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles           16                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           47                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11808228                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1441679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    224967556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522974                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      201567003     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3565500      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1799118      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3522927      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1132976      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3260919      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         515418      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         838804      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        8764891      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    224967556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.075944                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      192815670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5446403                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23354699                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        18599                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3332181                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1755253                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        17319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    117466458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        32808                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3332181                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      193084173                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       3307242                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1315879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23106659                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       821418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    117297010                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        91121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       660691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    153735683                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    531593114                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    531593114                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    124675941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       29059722                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        15762                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1772273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     21123238                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3442651                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21243                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       785219                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        116685231                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15816                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       109265330                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21049528                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43072779                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224967556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177029132     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15154274      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15990208      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9312073      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4793008      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1200539      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426874      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33134      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28314      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224967556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183471     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        75058     23.43%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61885     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85698511     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857118      0.78%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7784      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19288444     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3413473      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    109265330                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.448740                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320414                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443889711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137750864                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106501833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    109585744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86326                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4287544                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          298                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3332181                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       2238876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116701142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5840                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21123238                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3442651                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7975                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39046                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2327                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          298                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990363                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568073                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1558436                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107883212                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19016147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1382118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           22429437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16401801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3413290                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.443064                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            106526107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           106501833                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        64430009                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       140387326                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.437391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84820918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     95506000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21200074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15697                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1459685                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221635375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186073591     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13975544      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8975204      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2824775      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4686754      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915088      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580340      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531405      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3072674      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221635375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     84820918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     95506000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20193736                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            16835689                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         14652935                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        83467365                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1195430                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3072674                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          335268463                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         236746977                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4335407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              18525938                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          84820918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            95506000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     84820918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.870677                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.870677                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.348350                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.348350                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      501436893                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     138775648                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     124739120                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        15682                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18914716                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17068049                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       995382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7501799                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6775652                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047229                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200726136                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            118981685                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18914716                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7822881                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23536175                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3114208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      4851782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11523522                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1000449                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    231207997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931012                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      207671822     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         840950      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1715026      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         726123      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3916772      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3483865      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         681166      0.29%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1409343      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10762930      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    231207997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488644                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199595684                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5994418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23450165                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        74321                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2093404                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1659611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          500                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    139526388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2759                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2093404                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      199797832                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       4330178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1028562                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23336460                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       621556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    139453888                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       264910                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       224324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5745                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    163722832                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    656859040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    656859040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    145327470                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       18395326                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16192                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1563025                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     32922941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     16654088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152154                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       804275                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        139184882                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16242                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       133894753                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70010                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10640643                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25386891                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           85                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231207997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579110                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183628459     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14255127      6.17%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11693179      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5050729      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6401079      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6205478      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3522130      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277933      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173883      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231207997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338775     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2641656     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76550      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83988784     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1168115      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8016      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32113436     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16616402     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    133894753                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.549890                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3056981                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502124493                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149845185                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132750712                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    136951734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240727                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1264633                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          574                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3426                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101168                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11860                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2093404                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       3977820                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139201220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1295                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32922941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16654088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119714                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          112                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3426                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       583906                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       582673                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1166579                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132956171                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32003534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       938581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           48618435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17418735                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         16614901                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.546036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            132754966                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           132750712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        71688476                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       141212299                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.545192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507665                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107871196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    126766054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12448393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16157                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1017315                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229114593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553287                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183156305     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16761881      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869563      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7776531      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116182      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9052368      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676364      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492490      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1212909      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229114593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    107871196                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    126766054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             48211228                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            31658308                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8066                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16740075                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       112725318                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1227761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1212909                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          367115806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         280522537                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4404501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              12285497                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         107871196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           126766054                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    107871196                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.257261                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.257261                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443015                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443015                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      657336685                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     154157733                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     166173996                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16132                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18930365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17081298                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       991839                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7171754                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6769880                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200679121                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            119076852                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18930365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7817039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23547468                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3113071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4869511                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11518277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       996449                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231192578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      207645110     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         840932      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1716338      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         723905      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3918325      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3482821      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         675355      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1411294      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10778498      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231192578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077745                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489035                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199545937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6015082                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23461048                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        74535                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2095971                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1661730                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    139625216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2095971                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      199749144                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       4350040                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1030231                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23346975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       620212                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    139551080                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       265456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       224335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3623                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    163826688                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    657310584                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    657310584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    145419534                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       18407154                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16640                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8617                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1565124                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     32934351                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     16662275                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152505                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       806407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        139282986                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16690                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       133956990                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69764                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10680843                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25566614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          520                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231192578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183612945     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14238126      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11691565      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5053602      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6410024      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6209094      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3525268      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277878      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174076      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231192578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        340058     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2642805     86.38%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76668      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84027307     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1170299      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8022      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32126299     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16625063     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    133956990                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550146                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3059531                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502235853                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149983929                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132815256                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    137016521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241489                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1258982                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          566                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3418                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100317                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2095971                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       3997154                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177640                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139299764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32934351                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16662275                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8617                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120930                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           82                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3418                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       578242                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       585434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1163676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133021369                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32018051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           48641693                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17428845                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         16623642                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            132819433                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           132815256                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        71723743                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       141293151                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545457                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107936468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    126843294                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12470073                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16170                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1013612                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229096607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183117421     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16766306      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7870205      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7784589      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2116118      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9057198      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676748      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492315      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215707      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229096607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    107936468                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    126843294                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             48237327                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            31675369                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8072                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16750487                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       112794076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1228640                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1215707                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          367193942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         280722943                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4401311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              12300916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         107936468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           126843294                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    107936468                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.255896                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.255896                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443283                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443283                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      657641104                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     154226336                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     166290807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16146                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       18482786                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16495009                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12233616                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12044011                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44383                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195174627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            104958664                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          18482786                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     13152818                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            23389818                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       4827143                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2974375                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11805031                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    224888541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765431                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      201498723     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3561761      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1799368      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3521591      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1131517      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3260460      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         515222      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         839254      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        8760645      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    224888541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.431053                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      192762568                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5430819                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        23344254                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        18472                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3332424                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1753804                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        17298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    117420568                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        32752                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3332424                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      193030980                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3294185                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1313274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23096126                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       821548                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    117252859                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        91046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       660701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    153672309                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    531401745                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    531401745                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    124617923                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29054386                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        15733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7955                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1771904                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     21118970                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      3440829                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       784901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        116643473                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15789                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       109225666                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21049368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43066933                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          101                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224888541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176969533     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15146752      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15983983      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9307744      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4792185      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1200635      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426442      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32987      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28280      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224888541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        184046     57.40%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74871     23.35%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61740     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85664684     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856677      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7779      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19285067     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3411459      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    109225666                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.448577                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320657                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002936                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443732495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137708912                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106461419                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    109546323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86535                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4287497                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          116                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          289                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3332424                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2225428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116659347                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5525                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21118970                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3440829                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7953                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39211                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2289                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          289                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990240                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568929                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1559169                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107841344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19011598                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1384322                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           22422906                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16393846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          3411308                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.442892                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            106485753                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           106461419                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        64405811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       140345585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.437225                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.458909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84786587                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     95464014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21200161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15688                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1459902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221556117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430880                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186012751     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13966199      6.30%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8970093      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2824547      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4685616      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914417      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       579848      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       530817      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3071829      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221556117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     84786587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     95464014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20187181                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            16831473                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         14646783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        83429685                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1194587                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      3071829                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          335148151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         236663414                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4335161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              18604953                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          84786587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            95464014                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     84786587                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.871840                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.871840                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.348209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.348209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      501257943                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     138718884                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     124694055                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        15672                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20060581                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16414120                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8227347                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7889142                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2072623                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193162695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            112212418                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20060581                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9961765                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23413979                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5351380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4645231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11817178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960032                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    224589556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613533                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.955964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      201175577     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1087299      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1728931      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2350273      1.05%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2414261      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2042726      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1146881      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1703752      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10939856      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    224589556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082387                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460844                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      191197571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6627193                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23371948                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        25561                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3367282                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3302058                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          370                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    137688204                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3367282                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      191717726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1364144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      4062070                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22883956                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1194375                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    137644166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       163137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       520648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    192074011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    640342337                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    640342337                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    166524696                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25549298                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        34115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17747                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3571329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12875723                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6983722                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81967                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1666804                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        137490939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       130564651                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17851                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15204637                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36424526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1226                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224589556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169338432     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22727872     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11498853      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8682259      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6822791      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2760398      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1734276      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       903914      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120761      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224589556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24761     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79461     36.69%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112365     51.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109808937     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1950855      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16367      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11827098      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6961394      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    130564651                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536214                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216587                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485953296                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152730351                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128610990                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    130781238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       265791                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2057513                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          155                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3367282                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1092432                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137525319                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7927                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12875723                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6983722                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17748                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1140355                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100433                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2240788                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128766382                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11127948                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 140                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18089067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18295613                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6961119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.528829                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            128611195                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           128610990                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73823357                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       198930058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97072932                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    119447342                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18078008                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33014                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1982999                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221222274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172220278     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24289968     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9173085      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4372703      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3690739      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114422      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1847324      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835955      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2677800      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221222274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     97072932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    119447342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17700466                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10818210                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16470                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17224405                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       107620729                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2459695                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2677800                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          356069148                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         278418040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2925978                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18903938                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          97072932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           119447342                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     97072932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.508356                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.508356                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398667                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398667                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      579542007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     179153177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     127646039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        32984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       18923851                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17075929                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       992982                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7250388                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6769134                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200666019                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            119040846                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          18923851                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7816751                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23539779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3114831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      4870798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11518048                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       997463                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    231173683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      207633904     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         839289      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1717195      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         723722      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3914473      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3481893      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         678008      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1412587      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10772612      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    231173683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.488887                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      199534214                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      6014949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23453492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        74441                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2096582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1660590                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    139582598                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2762                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2096582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      199738377                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       4346850                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1031802                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23338234                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       621833                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    139508103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       265270                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       225532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3408                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    163785483                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    657107404                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    657107404                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    145365951                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       18419440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        16735                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8713                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1571959                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     32925165                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     16657789                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151389                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       806020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        139239924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16786                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       133918404                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70477                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10672933                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25543061                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          620                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231173683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183603755     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14238231      6.16%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11690519      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5051369      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6405859      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6207951      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3524294      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       277567      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       174138      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231173683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339128     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2642344     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76488      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84000245     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1169704      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8019      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32119932     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16620504     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    133918404                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.549988                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3057960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502138928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149933060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132776592                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    136976364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1258810                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          539                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3424                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100636                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2096582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       3994366                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       177501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139256801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32925165                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16657789                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8715                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       120971                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           85                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3424                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       579835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       584214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1164049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132982982                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32010950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       935422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           48630117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17422323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         16619167                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.546146                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            132780846                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           132776592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        71702718                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       141241675                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.545298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.507660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107899473                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    126799254                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12471660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16166                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1014765                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229077101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553522                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183111754     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16762219      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7869037      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7781172      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2114699      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9055297      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       675366      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       492488      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1215069      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229077101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    107899473                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    126799254                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             48223495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            31666346                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16744462                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       112754847                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1228085                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1215069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          367132621                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         280638696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4401103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              12319811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         107899473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           126799254                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    107899473                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.256670                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.256670                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.443131                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.443131                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      657458703                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     154184788                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     166243622                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16142                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       18490111                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16501011                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1467671                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12247454                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12051451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1108906                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44219                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195209672                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            104999247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          18490111                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     13160357                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23399386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       4823756                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      2988524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11806724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1440714                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    224945387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      201546001     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3565077      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1797960      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3523420      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1132442      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3261142      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         515395      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         839195      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        8764755      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    224945387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.075937                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.431220                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      192802470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5440249                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23353382                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        18788                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3330494                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1755046                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        17312                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    117466210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        32753                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3330494                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      193070756                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       3301357                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1315910                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23105464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       821402                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    117297281                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        91365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       660068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    153728913                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    531594529                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    531594529                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    124684637                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29044250                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        15752                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7968                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1774417                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     21125922                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3442713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21277                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       785258                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        116685499                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15809                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       109268578                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21041872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43061566                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          110                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224945387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    177004730     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15153369      6.74%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15992275      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9314671      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4792180      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1200638      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1426145      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33166      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28213      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224945387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183120     57.23%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74995     23.44%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61847     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85697295     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       857171      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7784      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19292449     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3413879      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    109268578                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.448754                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            319962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443873096                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137743462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106506657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    109588540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        86504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4288034                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          290                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        84662                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3330494                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       2234067                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100634                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116701394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21125922                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3442713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7966                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39177                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2263                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          290                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       989585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       567701                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1557286                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107887598                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19019390                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1380980                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           22433120                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       16401696                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3413730                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.443082                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            106530907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           106506657                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        64432419                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       140396053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.437411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.458933                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84828277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     95513359                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21192871                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15699                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1458413                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221614893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186050532     83.95%     83.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13975015      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8976750      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2826066      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4687232      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       914760      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580493      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531400      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3072645      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221614893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     84828277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     95513359                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             20195936                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            16837885                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              7832                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         14654165                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        83473496                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1195431                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3072645                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          335248166                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         236745583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4335236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              18548107                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          84828277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            95513359                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     84828277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.870428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.870428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.348380                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.348380                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      501465162                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     138777467                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     124742957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        15686                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       20063954                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16416899                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8224037                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7887415                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89414                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193157907                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112237199                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          20063954                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9960859                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23420173                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5354206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4642107                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11817039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960238                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    224590665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      201170492     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1090695      0.49%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1732929      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2347826      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2414990      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2043326      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1142526      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1700541      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10947340      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    224590665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082400                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460945                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      191191819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      6624711                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23378332                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        25699                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3370103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3302723                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    137711009                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1997                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3370103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      191715486                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1361562                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      4060617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22887100                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1195794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    137664582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       163120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       521408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    192103493                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    640437967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    640437967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    166542840                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       25560544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        34143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17771                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3579866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12875162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6983970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669418                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        137504280                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34268                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       130573605                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15209085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36432482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1249                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224590665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169337308     75.40%     75.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22728884     10.12%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11493892      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8687382      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6826518      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2756393      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1735564      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904422      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120302      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224590665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24867     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79483     36.70%     48.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112242     51.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109816664     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951415      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16369      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11827014      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6962143      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    130573605                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536251                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216592                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485972307                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152748164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128618079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130790197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267980                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2055777                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          532                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100965                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3370103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1090171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116877                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137538691                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        30596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12875162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6983970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17774                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98926                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          532                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1138449                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2240029                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128774018                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11129514                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1799580                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18091398                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18297172                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6961884                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            128618292                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           128618079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        73830549                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       198947701                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528220                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97083528                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    119460332                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18078319                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1982997                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221220562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172217490     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24289727     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9171664      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4379087      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3683108      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2114076      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1849356      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       837364      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2678690      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221220562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     97083528                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    119460332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17702378                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10819377                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             16472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17226269                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       107632409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2459947                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2678690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          356079847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         278447533                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2925631                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              18902829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          97083528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           119460332                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     97083528                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.508082                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.508082                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398711                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398711                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      579582450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     179159986                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     127672347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        32990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19722263                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16128008                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924820                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8364561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7802526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031777                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85790                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191509828                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            111851029                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19722263                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9834303                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            23456554                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5567219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      3352035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11773422                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1939922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    221918596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      198462042     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1273663      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2012939      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3191895      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1331915      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1498171      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1575522      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1032000      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11540449      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    221918596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.080997                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      189761559                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      5114442                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        23383284                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        59612                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3599697                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3234564                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          458                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    136609703                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2978                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3599697                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      190042799                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1657339                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2632408                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23167280                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       819071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    136531878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        26843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       235563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       304715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42553                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    189544602                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    635136989                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    635136989                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    162051203                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27493382                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        34809                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2457401                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13023206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6995256                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1588980                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        136344566                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34912                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       129149241                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158721                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17153564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37964166                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3310                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221918596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167452828     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21861087      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11961837      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8146270      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7616375      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2200505      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699347      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581213      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399134      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221918596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30197     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93000     38.59%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117770     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108189872     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038859      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15668      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11943023      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6961819      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    129149241                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530401                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240967                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480616764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153534441                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127080104                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129390208                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       391981                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2327605                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          332                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1424                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195980                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8047                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3599697                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1104747                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116004                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136379609                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13023206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6995256                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19126                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        85679                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1424                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1127045                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1095140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2222185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127318484                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11233332                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1830755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18193543                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17917220                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6960211                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522882                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            127081141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           127080104                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        74306349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       194108609                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382808                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95188323                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    116676725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19703061                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31602                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1965648                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218318899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170950777     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22937786     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8932679      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4812879      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3605341      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011515      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1239007      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109357      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719558      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218318899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     95188323                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    116676725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17494872                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10695596                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15766                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16748429                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       105134506                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2370289                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2719558                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          351978490                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         276359468                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3088659                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              21574898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          95188323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           116676725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     95188323                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.558019                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.558019                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390928                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390928                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      574174383                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     176159660                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     127414209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        31574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243493494                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       19775365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16218702                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1939457                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8286757                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7737046                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2030997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87548                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188887392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            112335823                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          19775365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9768043                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24721574                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5489045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6279055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11633269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1923695                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    223407585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965282                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      198686011     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2681300      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3106917      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1707092      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1958304      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1085311      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         736879      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1911742      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11534029      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    223407585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081215                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      187354235                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7841239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24514166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       196483                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3501460                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3207644                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18105                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    137129352                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        89770                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3501460                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      187654199                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       2855943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      4144298                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24422902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       828781                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    137043712                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       214031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       385041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           86                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    190489279                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    638058489                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    638058489                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    162875169                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       27614110                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        36171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20256                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2211429                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13081797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7128731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       188084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1576804                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        136847227                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       129421872                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       178597                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16933701                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39005009                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4255                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223407585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268759                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168855601     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21956518      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11793667      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8154591      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7123540      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3642909      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       886326      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       567878      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426555      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223407585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34681     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118298     42.43%     54.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125827     45.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108338884     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2021722      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15862      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11967281      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7078123      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    129421872                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531521                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            278806                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482708732                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153818389                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127277636                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    129700678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2289335                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          831                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       145832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7933                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3501460                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       2380562                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143029                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136883584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50867                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13081797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7128731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20268                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101325                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1215                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1129651                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1083184                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2212835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127513501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11242247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1908371                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 109                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18318778                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       17850593                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7076531                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            127279774                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           127277636                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        75652367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       198088487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522715                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381912                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95645074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    117345022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19539907                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31993                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1950595                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219906125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171969947     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22227949     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9315494      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5599541      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3875078      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2506245      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296685      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045673      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2069513      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219906125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     95645074                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    117345022                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17775361                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10792462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             15962                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16794061                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       105791302                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2387402                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2069513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          354720891                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         277271387                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2892932                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              20085909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          95645074                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           117345022                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     95645074                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.545803                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.545803                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392803                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392803                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      575237046                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     176659002                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     127997780                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        31962                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         359644                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.754324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2105850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         392396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.366645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           227.503770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.583837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   924.563976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.724574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1558.234365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.656109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2401.901956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.761880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1987.436880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.310869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1490.532572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.301594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1492.553896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.694208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1491.019527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.449714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2374.602126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.979632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2385.386888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.270335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1499.695486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     3.824815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1136.624137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.673857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  2369.678902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.456984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1506.234257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.535008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1157.477435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.157691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1975.585988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.496466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1565.357931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           266.925266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           343.919040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           339.392980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           354.237613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           316.238442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           303.662540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           317.470082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           370.173526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           354.059760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           299.489432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           276.357235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           362.959830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           293.125940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           262.528085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           387.276948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           328.669941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.028215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.073300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.060652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.045487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.045549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.045502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.072467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.072796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.045767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.034687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.072317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.045967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.035323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.060290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.047771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.010496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.010810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.011297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.010805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.008945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.011819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.010030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        46284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        46528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        46284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        46282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  578404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           163400                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                163400                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        46356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        46600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        46357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        46356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   580084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34414                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        46356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        40778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33760                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        33562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        33789                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        46600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        46357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        33627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        46356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        33823                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41050                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        34175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  580084                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                359506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  25                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 359531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10922                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28550                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14274                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19275                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28282                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                359531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5634977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1786173535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5902789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3180154042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5168999433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5705092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4669946513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5303133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3136488375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5244406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3164433564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5078317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3116307500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5758778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5143829925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6209939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5190037303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5196196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3148792004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6402316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2320932603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6050194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5172447958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5153652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3125855453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6135357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2312768531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5791190                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4643222393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5537839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3195297076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58566881210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       409592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       516434                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       138008                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       694390                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       513120                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       347423                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       173460                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       155845                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1175910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4124182                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5634977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1786173535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5902789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3180563634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5169515867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5705092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4669946513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5303133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3136626383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5244406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3164433564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5078317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3117001890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5758778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5144343045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6209939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5190384726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5196196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3148792004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6402316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2320932603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6050194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5172621418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5153652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3126011298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6135357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2312768531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5791190                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4643222393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5537839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3196472986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      58571005392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5634977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1786173535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5902789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3180563634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6090827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5169515867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5705092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4669946513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5303133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3136626383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5244406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3164433564                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5078317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3117001890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5758778                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5144343045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6209939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5190384726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5196196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3148792004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6402316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2320932603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6050194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5172621418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5153652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3126011298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6135357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2312768531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5791190                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4643222393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5537839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3196472986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     58571005392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        53611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        52955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        52959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        53478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              937910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       163400                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            163400                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        53764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        53023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        53635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               939615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        53764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        53105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        53023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        78182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        78275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        53024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        78206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        53098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        39739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        69332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        53635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              939615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.360877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.412572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.404304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.363757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.383305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.040000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.013333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.044586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.014663                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.308889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.367650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.382637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.308889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.367650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.382637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152296.675676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163539.052829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155336.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164374.530522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152270.675000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162731.376181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       150134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163570.806060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155974.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162142.699287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154247.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162170.530621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149362.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162054.472179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151546.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162887.676146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159229.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162615.531489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152829.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162333.969377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152436.095238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162598.613073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151254.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162405.348928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       151578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162179.903134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153383.925000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162710.604404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144779.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164175.885475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153828.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164257.290701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162909.328940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 136530.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 172144.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       138008                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 173597.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       171040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 173711.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       173460                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       155845                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167987.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164967.280000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152296.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163539.052829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155336.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164370.213643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152270.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162732.265149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       150134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163570.806060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155974.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162141.451693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154247.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162170.530621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149362.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162056.872725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151546.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162888.450541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159229.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162616.226769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152829.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162333.969377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152436.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162598.613073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151254.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162405.696013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       151578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162179.574475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153383.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162710.604404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144779.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164175.885475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153828.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164258.632374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162909.472040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152296.675676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163539.052829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 155336.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164370.213643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152270.675000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162732.265149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst       150134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163570.806060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155974.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162141.451693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 154247.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 162170.530621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149362.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162056.872725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151546.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162888.450541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 159229.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162616.226769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152829.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 162333.969377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152436.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162598.613073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 151254.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 162405.696013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       151578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 162179.574475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 153383.925000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 162710.604404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144779.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164175.885475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153828.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164258.632374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162909.472040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                79968                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     79968                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           359506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             25                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            359531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        28550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        31582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        31918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        14274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        31850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        14214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           359531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3482164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1150228914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3692314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2053510157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3763322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3320060503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3491575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3007604758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3330652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2009798800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3265651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2027972613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3100136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1996294973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3546045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3305900936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3943111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3332361237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3215473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2019034656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3956943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1489805992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3724635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3318733562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3175638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2003248433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1485100435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3459684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2996544281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3441762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2062438692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37635038979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       235442                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       341192                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        79688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       461658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       338363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       231517                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       114716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        98036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       768190                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2668802                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3482164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1150228914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3692314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2053745599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3763322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3320401695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3491575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3007604758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3330652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2009878488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3265651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2027972613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3100136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1996756631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3546045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3306239299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3943111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3332592754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3215473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2019034656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3956943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1489805992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3724635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3318848278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3175638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2003346469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1485100435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3459684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2996544281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3441762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2063206882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37637707781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3482164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1150228914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3692314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2053745599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3763322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3320401695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3491575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3007604758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3330652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2009878488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3265651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2027972613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3100136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1996756631                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3546045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3306239299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3943111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3332592754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3215473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2019034656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3956943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1489805992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3724635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3318848278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3175638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2003346469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3810932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1485100435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3459684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2996544281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3441762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2063206882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37637707781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.310690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.360877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.412572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.368121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.363139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.404304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.408133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.366264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.360573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.359048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.363757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.383305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.040000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.013333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.044586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.308889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.367650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.382637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.308889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.359906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.406628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.364278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.367650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.362748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.403955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.407767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.365815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.359284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.407258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.363008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.357684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.362823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.382637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105313.030031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97166.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106141.011888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94083.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104522.745970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91883.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105345.175412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97960.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103897.787428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96048.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103929.309332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91180.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103811.491056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93316.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104686.688496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101105.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104410.365867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94572.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104090.047739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94212.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104372.004484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93115.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104202.127602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93401.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103935.272024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95273.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104481.527719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86492.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105952.347111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95604.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106021.626073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104685.426610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78480.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 113730.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        79688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 115414.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 112787.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 115758.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       114716                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        98036                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109741.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106752.080000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105313.030031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97166.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106136.723463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94083.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104523.615544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91883.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105345.175412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97960.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103896.535952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96048.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103929.309332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91180.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103813.904076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93316.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104687.458014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101105.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104411.076947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94572.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104090.047739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94212.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104372.004484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93115.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104202.457708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93401.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103934.965966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95273.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104481.527719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86492.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105952.347111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95604.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106022.964132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104685.570315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 94112.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105313.030031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 97166.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106136.723463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94083.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104523.615544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 91883.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105345.175412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97960.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103896.535952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96048.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103929.309332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91180.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 103813.904076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93316.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 104687.458014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 101105.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104411.076947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94572.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 104090.047739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94212.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104372.004484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 93115.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104202.457708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93401.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103934.965966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 95273.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 104481.527719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86492.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 105952.347111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95604.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106022.964132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104685.570315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              493.470224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011920874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2048422.821862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    38.470224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.061651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.790818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11912774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11912774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11912774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11912774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8091551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8091551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8091551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8091551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8091551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8091551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11912827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11912827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11912827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11912827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152670.773585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152670.773585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152670.773585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152670.773585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 152670.773585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152670.773585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6170185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6170185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6170185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6170185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6170185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6170185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158209.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158209.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158209.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158209.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158209.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158209.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35359                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163371019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4587.140783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.477199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.522801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062532                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2087                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9860480162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9860480162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    138423012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138423012                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9998903174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9998903174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9998903174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9998903174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18372                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18372                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16661797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16661797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16661797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108788.492393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108788.492393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66326.311452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66326.311452                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107832.788797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107832.788797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107832.788797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107832.788797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       178421                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 29736.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3523462790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3523462790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15602199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15602199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3539064989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3539064989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3539064989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3539064989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100229.356261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100229.356261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 76108.287805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76108.287805                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100089.510139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100089.510139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100089.510139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100089.510139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.287584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1009854751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1938300.865643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.287584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11635006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11635006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11635006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11635006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11635006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11635006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7738223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7738223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7738223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7738223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7738223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7738223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11635053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11635053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11635053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11635053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11635053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11635053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164643.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164643.042553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164643.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164643.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164643.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164643.042553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6570816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6570816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6570816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6570816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6570816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6570816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168482.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168482.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168482.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168482.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 168482.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168482.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                53764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              171690124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                54020                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3178.269604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.592601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.407399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.912471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.087529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8204548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8204548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6945874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6945874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17340                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15150422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15150422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15150422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15150422                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       184239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3703                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3703                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       187942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       187942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       187942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       187942                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24219106908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24219106908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    467002547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    467002547                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24686109455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24686109455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  24686109455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24686109455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8388787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8388787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6949577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6949577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17340                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17340                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        15984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15338364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15338364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15338364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15338364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131454.832625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131454.832625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126114.649473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126114.649473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131349.615599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131349.615599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 131349.615599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131349.615599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           17922                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       130628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       134178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        53611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        53764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        53764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5700742405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5700742405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     10724666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10724666                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5711467071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5711467071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5711467071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5711467071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106335.311876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106335.311876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 70095.856209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70095.856209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106232.182706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106232.182706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106232.182706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106232.182706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              579.116729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1039239169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1779519.125000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    38.928382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.188347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.062385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11523848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11523848                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11523848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11523848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11523848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11523848                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8601704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8601704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8601704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8601704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8601704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8601704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11523902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11523902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11523902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11523902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11523902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11523902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159290.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159290.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159290.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159290.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159290.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159290.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6644136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6644136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6644136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6644136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162052.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162052.097561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162052.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162052.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162052.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162052.097561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                78123                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              447472586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                78379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5709.087715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.906520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.093480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     30191115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30191115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16530144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16530144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     46721259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       46721259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     46721259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      46721259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       276547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       276547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       276547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33565802192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33565802192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     23476078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     23476078                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33589278270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33589278270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  33589278270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33589278270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     30467412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30467412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     16530394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16530394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8073                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8064                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     46997806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46997806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     46997806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46997806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121484.497450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121484.497450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93904.312000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93904.312000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121459.564812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121459.564812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121459.564812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121459.564812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           13309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       198249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       198424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       198424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        78048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        78123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        78123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8746879550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8746879550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5789865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5789865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8752669415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8752669415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8752669415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8752669415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112070.514940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112070.514940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77198.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77198.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112037.036660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112037.036660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 112037.036660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112037.036660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              527.414872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1014439118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1917654.287335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.414872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11771437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11771437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11771437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11771437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11771437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11771437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7693759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7693759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7693759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7693759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7693759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7693759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11771486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11771486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11771486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11771486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11771486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11771486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157015.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157015.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157015.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157015.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 157015.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157015.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6257573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6257573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6257573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6257573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6257573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6257573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160450.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160450.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160450.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160450.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 160450.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160450.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                69326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              180349389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                69582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              2591.897172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.130136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.869864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8165689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8165689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6763488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6763488                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19024                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14929177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14929177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14929177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14929177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       176402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       177174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       177174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       177174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21703340340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21703340340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     66448629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66448629                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21769788969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21769788969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  21769788969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21769788969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8342091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8342091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6764260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6764260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19024                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19024                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15780                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15106351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15106351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15106351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15106351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123033.414247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123033.414247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86073.353627                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86073.353627                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122872.368231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122872.368231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122872.368231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122872.368231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       107846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        69328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7713022468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7713022468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      8676715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8676715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7721699183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7721699183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7721699183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7721699183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111459.862254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111459.862254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67786.835938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67786.835938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111379.228926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111379.228926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111379.228926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111379.228926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              558.419623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              928533465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1652194.777580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.255436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.164187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.053294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11806020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11806020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11806020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11806020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11806020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11806020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7220562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7220562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7220562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7220562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7220562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7220562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11806062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11806062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11806062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11806062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11806062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11806062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171918.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171918.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171918.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171918.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171918.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171918.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6008578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6008578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6008578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171673.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171673.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171673.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171673.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 171673.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171673.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                53105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              223400201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                53361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4186.581979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.808179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.191821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.792219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.207781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17366791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17366791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3339345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3339345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20706136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       20706136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     20706136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      20706136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          326                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          326                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       185612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       185612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       185612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21287994119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21287994119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29420597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29420597                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21317414716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21317414716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21317414716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21317414716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17552077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17552077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3339671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3339671                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7835                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20891748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20891748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     20891748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20891748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114892.620700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114892.620700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 90247.230061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90247.230061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114849.334720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114849.334720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114849.334720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114849.334720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6023                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       132250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       132507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       132507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132507                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        53105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5616626281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5616626281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4929414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4929414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5621555695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5621555695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5621555695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5621555695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105902.147240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105902.147240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71440.782609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71440.782609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105857.371151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105857.371151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 105857.371151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105857.371151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              558.962338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              928531977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1652192.129893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    33.843164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   525.119174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.054236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11804532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11804532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11804532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11804532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11804532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11804532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7292204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7292204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7292204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7292204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7292204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7292204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11804575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11804575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11804575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11804575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11804575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11804575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169586.139535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169586.139535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169586.139535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169586.139535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169586.139535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169586.139535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5991725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5991725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5991725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5991725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5991725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5991725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171192.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171192.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171192.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171192.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 171192.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171192.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                53075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              223398466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                53331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4188.904502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   202.518365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    53.481635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.791087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.208913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17363836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17363836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3340544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3340544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7839                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7839                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20704380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       20704380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     20704380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      20704380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       185611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       185923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       185923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       185923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       185923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21376509012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21376509012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26956657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26956657                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21403465669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21403465669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  21403465669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21403465669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17549447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17549447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3340856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3340856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7839                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7839                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20890303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20890303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     20890303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20890303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115168.330605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115168.330605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 86399.541667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86399.541667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115120.053296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115120.053296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 115120.053296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115120.053296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            6198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       132604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       132848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       132848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132848                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5631541471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5631541471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4587964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4587964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5636129435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5636129435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5636129435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5636129435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106241.467561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106241.467561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 67470.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67470.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106191.793406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106191.793406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106191.793406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106191.793406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.798460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              928535628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1652198.626335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.722301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.076159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.054042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11808183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11808183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11808183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11808183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11808183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11808183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7263147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7263147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7263147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7263147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7263147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7263147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11808228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11808228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11808228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11808228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11808228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11808228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161403.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161403.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161403.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161403.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161403.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161403.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5925785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5925785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5925785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5925785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5925785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5925785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169308.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169308.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169308.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169308.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 169308.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169308.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                53023                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              223400935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                53279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4193.039190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   201.943572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    54.056428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.788842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.211158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17364973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17364973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3341867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341867                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7907                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20706840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       20706840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     20706840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      20706840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       185500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       185500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       185500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21236716089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21236716089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     29255949                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29255949                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21265972038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21265972038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21265972038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21265972038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17550145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17550145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3342195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342195                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7907                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7841                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20892340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20892340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     20892340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20892340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114686.432555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114686.432555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89194.966463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89194.966463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114641.358695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114641.358695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114641.358695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114641.358695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       132217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       132477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       132477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        52955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        53023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        53023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5595747699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5595747699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5122532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5122532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5600870231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5600870231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5600870231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5600870231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105669.864961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105669.864961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 75331.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75331.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105630.956962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105630.956962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105630.956962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105630.956962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              579.243627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1039238794                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1785633.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.207471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   542.036156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.059627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11523473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11523473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11523473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11523473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11523473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11523473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8708671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8708671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8708671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8708671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8708671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8708671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11523522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11523522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11523522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11523522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11523522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11523522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177727.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177727.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177727.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177727.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 177727.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177727.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7172548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7172548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7172548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7172548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7172548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7172548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 183911.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183911.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 183911.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183911.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 183911.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183911.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                78182                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              447489625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                78438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5705.010645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.907436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.092564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     30201977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30201977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16536311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16536311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8081                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8081                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46738288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       46738288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46738288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      46738288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       276458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       276458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          243                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          243                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       276701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       276701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       276701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       276701                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33594046764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33594046764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21748214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21748214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33615794978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33615794978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  33615794978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33615794978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     30478435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30478435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16536554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16536554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8081                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8081                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8066                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47014989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47014989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47014989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47014989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121515.914765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121515.914765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89498.823045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89498.823045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121487.797218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121487.797218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121487.797218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121487.797218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           14181                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       198351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       198351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       198519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       198519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       198519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       198519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        78182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8739137108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8739137108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5541168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5541168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8744678276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8744678276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8744678276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8744678276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111886.733686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111886.733686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73882.240000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73882.240000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111850.275971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111850.275971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 111850.275971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111850.275971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              579.318810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1039233549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1782561.833619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    38.206666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.112143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.061229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11518228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11518228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11518228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11518228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11518228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11518228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9373812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9373812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9373812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9373812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9373812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9373812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11518277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11518277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11518277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11518277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11518277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11518277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191302.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191302.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191302.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191302.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 191302.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191302.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7525450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7525450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7525450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7525450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7525450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7525450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188136.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188136.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188136.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188136.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188136.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188136.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                78275                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              447510399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                78531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5698.519043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.908139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.091861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     30213287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30213287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16545331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16545331                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8073                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8073                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     46758618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       46758618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     46758618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      46758618                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       277549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       277797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       277797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       277797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       277797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33711467411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33711467411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22823509                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22823509                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33734290920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33734290920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  33734290920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33734290920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     30490836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30490836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16545579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16545579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8073                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8073                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47036415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47036415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47036415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47036415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121461.318221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121461.318221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92030.278226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92030.278226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121435.044007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121435.044007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121435.044007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121435.044007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           13858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       199349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       199522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       199522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        78200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        78275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        78275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8766765420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8766765420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5660878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5660878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8772426298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8772426298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8772426298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8772426298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112106.974680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112106.974680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 75478.373333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75478.373333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112071.878607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112071.878607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 112071.878607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112071.878607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              559.042656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              928532435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1652192.944840                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    33.966463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.076193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.054433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11804990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11804990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11804990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11804990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11804990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11804990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7038950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7038950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7038950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7038950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7038950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7038950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11805031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11805031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11805031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11805031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11805031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11805031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171681.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171681.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171681.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171681.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 171681.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171681.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5978936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5978936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5978936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5978936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5978936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5978936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170826.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170826.742857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170826.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170826.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170826.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170826.742857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                53024                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              223394943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                53280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4192.848029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   202.268648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    53.731352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.790112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.209888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17361309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17361309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3339562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3339562                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7889                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20700871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       20700871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     20700871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      20700871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       184816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       185120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       185120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       185120                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21289481367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21289481367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     26727101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26727101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21316208468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21316208468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21316208468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21316208468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17546125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17546125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3339866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3339866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7889                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7836                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20885991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20885991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     20885991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20885991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115192.847843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115192.847843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 87918.095395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87918.095395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115148.057844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115148.057844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115148.057844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115148.057844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            5988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       131857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       132096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       132096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        52959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        53024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5620457048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5620457048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      4392172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4392172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5624849220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5624849220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   5624849220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5624849220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106128.458770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106128.458770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67571.876923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67571.876923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106081.193799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106081.193799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106081.193799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106081.193799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              518.180829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1008729594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1943602.300578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    43.180829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.069200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11817123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11817123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11817123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11817123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11817123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11817123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8848785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8848785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8848785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8848785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8848785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8848785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11817178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11817178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11817178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11817178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11817178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11817178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       160887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       160887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       160887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       160887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       160887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       160887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7184198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7184198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7184198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7184198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7184198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7184198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163277.227273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163277.227273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163277.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163277.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163277.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163277.227273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                39729                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165645813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                39985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4142.698837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.549884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.450116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8136360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8136360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6849742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6849742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17621                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14986102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14986102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14986102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14986102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       127230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          824                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          824                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       128054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       128054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       128054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       128054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15856929852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15856929852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     70610813                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70610813                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15927540665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15927540665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15927540665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15927540665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8263590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8263590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6850566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6850566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17621                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17621                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15114156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15114156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15114156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15114156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124632.003867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124632.003867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85692.734223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85692.734223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124381.438026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124381.438026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124381.438026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124381.438026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        87643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          682                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4170371848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4170371848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9474729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9474729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4179846577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4179846577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4179846577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4179846577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105347.004016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105347.004016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66723.443662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66723.443662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105208.955096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105208.955096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105208.955096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105208.955096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.278029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1039233318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1779509.106164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    39.050066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   540.227963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.062580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.865750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11517997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11517997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11517997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11517997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11517997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11517997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8296684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8296684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8296684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8296684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8296684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8296684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11518048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11518048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11518048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11518048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11518048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11518048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162680.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162680.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162680.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162680.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 162680.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162680.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6833063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6833063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6833063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6833063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6833063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6833063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166660.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166660.073171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166660.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166660.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 166660.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166660.073171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                78205                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              447499754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                78461                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5703.467379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.908121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.091879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     30207359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30207359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     16540527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16540527                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8607                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8607                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8071                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46747886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       46747886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     46747886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      46747886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       277653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       277653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       277901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       277901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       277901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       277901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33730339743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33730339743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21864559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     21864559                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33752204302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33752204302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33752204302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33752204302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     30485012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30485012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     16540775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16540775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8607                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8071                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47025787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47025787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     47025787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47025787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121483.793595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121483.793595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 88163.544355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88163.544355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121454.058467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121454.058467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121454.058467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121454.058467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14579                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       199522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       199522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       199695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       199695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       199695                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       199695                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        78131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        78206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        78206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8750631667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8750631667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5409852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5409852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8756041519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8756041519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   8756041519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8756041519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111999.483777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111999.483777                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72131.360000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72131.360000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111961.250019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111961.250019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 111961.250019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111961.250019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              557.923020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              928534127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1652195.955516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    32.803937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.119083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.052570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.894107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11806682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11806682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11806682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11806682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11806682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11806682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7058995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7058995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7058995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7058995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7058995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7058995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11806724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11806724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11806724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11806724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11806724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11806724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168071.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168071.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168071.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168071.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168071.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168071.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6011837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6011837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6011837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6011837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171766.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171766.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171766.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171766.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171766.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171766.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                53098                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              223403675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                53354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4187.196368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   202.519388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    53.480612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.791091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.208909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17367736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17367736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3341854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3341854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         7843                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7843                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20709590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       20709590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     20709590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      20709590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       185392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       185735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       185735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       185735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21275221388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21275221388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     31631586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31631586                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21306852974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21306852974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21306852974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21306852974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17553128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17553128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3342197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3342197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7843                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7843                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20895325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20895325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     20895325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20895325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114758.033723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114758.033723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 92220.367347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92220.367347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114716.413029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114716.413029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114716.413029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114716.413029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       132365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       132637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       132637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        53098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5609443572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5609443572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      5141938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5141938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5614585510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5614585510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   5614585510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5614585510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105784.667660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105784.667660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72421.661972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72421.661972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105740.056311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105740.056311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105740.056311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105740.056311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.261461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1008729457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1947354.164093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.261461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11816986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11816986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11816986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11816986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11816986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11816986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8643347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8643347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8643347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8643347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8643347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8643347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11817039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11817039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11817039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11817039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11817039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11817039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163082.018868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163082.018868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163082.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163082.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163082.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163082.018868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7108260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7108260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165308.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165308.372093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165308.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165308.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165308.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165308.372093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                39739                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              165645437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                39995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4141.653632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.564575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.435425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8135279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8135279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6850413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6850413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17652                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14985692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14985692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14985692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14985692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       127380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       128273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       128273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       128273                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15845658447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15845658447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     76963311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76963311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15922621758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15922621758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15922621758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15922621758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8262659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8262659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6851306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6851306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17652                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15113965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15113965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15113965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15113965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124396.753391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124396.753391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 86185.118701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86185.118701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124130.734901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124130.734901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124130.734901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124130.734901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8297                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        87792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        39739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4165857261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4165857261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10008257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10008257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4175865518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4175865518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4175865518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4175865518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105230.303653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105230.303653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 66279.847682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66279.847682                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105082.299957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105082.299957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105082.299957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105082.299957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              528.254673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1014441050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1910435.122411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.094953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   489.159720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11773369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11773369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11773369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11773369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11773369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11773369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8156102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8156102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8156102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8156102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8156102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8156102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11773422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11773422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11773422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11773422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11773422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11773422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153888.716981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153888.716981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153888.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153888.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153888.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153888.716981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6418294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6418294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6418294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6418294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6418294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6418294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156543.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156543.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156543.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156543.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156543.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156543.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                69332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180354559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                69588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2591.747988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.113700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.886300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8167804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8167804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6766606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6766606                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18954                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14934410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       14934410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14934410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      14934410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       176322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          774                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          774                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       177096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       177096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       177096                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       177096                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21670247584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21670247584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     66529438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66529438                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21736777022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21736777022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  21736777022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21736777022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8344126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8344126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6767380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6767380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18954                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15111506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15111506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122901.552750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122901.552750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85955.346253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85955.346253                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122740.078952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122740.078952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122740.078952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122740.078952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       107764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107764                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        69332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7702295438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7702295438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8595886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8595886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7710891324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7710891324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   7710891324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7710891324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111298.413936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111298.413936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 67155.359375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67155.359375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111216.917498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111216.917498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 111216.917498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111216.917498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              517.715235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1009852971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1945766.803468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    35.715235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.057236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11633226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11633226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11633226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11633226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11633226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11633226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7024893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7024893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7024893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7024893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7024893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7024893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11633269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11633269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11633269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11633269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11633269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11633269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163369.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163369.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163369.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163369.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 163369.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163369.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6150916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6150916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6150916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6150916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6150916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6150916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166240.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166240.972973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166240.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166240.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 166240.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166240.972973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                53635                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              171688493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                53891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3185.847229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.604380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.395620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8203928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8203928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6944963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6944963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17243                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17243                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15148891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15148891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15148891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15148891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       183983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183983                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3709                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       187692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       187692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       187692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       187692                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24229870811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24229870811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    482036324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    482036324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24711907135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24711907135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  24711907135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24711907135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8387911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8387911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6948672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6948672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15981                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15336583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15336583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15336583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15336583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131696.248083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131696.248083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 129963.959019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129963.959019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131662.016149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131662.016149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 131662.016149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131662.016149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           18064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       130505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       134057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       134057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134057                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        53478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        53635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        53635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5699010586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5699010586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     11411313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11411313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5710421899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5710421899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5710421899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5710421899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106567.384457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106567.384457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 72683.522293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72683.522293                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106468.199851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106468.199851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106468.199851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106468.199851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
